The number of homeless people in Wales has more than doubled in the last five years, according to a charity.
A man has been charged with firearms offences after firearms and ammunition were seized in Edinburgh.
Three teenagers have appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a black man in Chicago.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed former England Under-21s coach Paul Robinson as their new head coach.
A five-day fast in the pancreas can reverse the effects of diabetes, a study suggests.
In our series of letters from the world's leading opticians, we take a look at some of the big names in the industry.
Welsh cyclist Wendy Houvenaghel has accused British Cycling of failing to do enough to improve her welfare.
The owner of a comedy club in Austin, Texas, says it has been a "dream come true" for more than a decade.
BT shares have soared more than 20% after the telecoms regulator Ofcom said it was considering a possible split from the company.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says he has no plans to travel to the Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic.
Queen's University in Belfast has announced plans to cut the number of its undergraduate and graduate places.
A hospital in East Sussex has apologised after a patient's name was mistakenly printed in hospital appointments.
The shadow home secretary has said Labour would not back a bill that would allow the UK to leave the European Union.
Grimsby Town midfielder Jack Nicholson says he has no idea how much money he will get from the sale of midfielder Danny O'Kane.
An inquest into the death of a 19-year-old man whose body was found in a Caerphilly hospital has heard he had suicidal thoughts.
Blackburn Rovers have re-signed striker Jack Taylor-Taylor-Fletcher on a season-long loan deal.
The chief scientist of the US National Institute of Standards and Technology (NISS) has called on the Trump administration to make all data on climate change accessible to the public.
Pop band The Specials have confirmed the death of drummer Bradbury.
World number one Justin Rose shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the US PGA Championship.
Former Manchester United and Manchester United midfielder Ian Cole says he is facing a "tough road" to recovery from a kidney transplant.
Pakistan's telecoms regulator has lifted a ban on YouTube in the country.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Benjamin has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Doull says it was a "dream come true" to become the first Welsh cyclist to win a medal at the Rio Games.
At least 13 people have been killed in floods in the western Indian state of Assam, officials say.
A couple have been married for the first time.
RBS, the world's biggest bank, has been fined $1.5bn (£1.2bn) by Hong Kong's securities regulator.
It's been a busy week at the Baftas.
Britain's Andy Murray has been on the brink of a career-best five-match losing streak.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a South African rapper was shot dead in South Africa.
A gun has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool, police have said.
Paralympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has extended her lead at the World Para-athletics Championships to eight points.
One of the world's most successful Formula 1 teams, Manor Racing, has been put into administration.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has won the majority of seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
What do you think about the value of the pound?
A transgender woman has been crowned the winner of a national fashion competition.
Plans to remove a World War Two battle memorial from Portsmouth have been approved.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with breaching UK anti-terrorism laws.
Sussex have appointed former first-class batsman Michael Ashing as their new women's coach.
Bury have signed former Bury defender Jack Brown on loan until the end of the season.
Cinderella is one of the best-selling children's films of all time.
At the end of last year, Ukraine's Eurovision Song Contest was in full swing.
One of Liverpool's most famous bands, The Beatles, has been playing at the Cavern for more than 20 years.
South Africa's parliament has approved a proposal to raise the minimum wage to a national minimum wage.
Ethiopia's former President Meles Zenawi has died at the age of 83.
Azhar Ali hit his first Test century as Australia took control of the second day of the third Test against Pakistan at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) has won a by-election in Midlothian.
Russia has accused the US of being "out of touch" with the Syrian government over its air strikes on rebel-held areas.
Wales have signed Scarlets scrum-half Sam Hughes and Scarlets full-back Luke Evans on two-year contracts.
US President-elect Donald Trump's administration has been accused of trying to destabilise the country's relationship with Russia.
The Labour Party has announced plans to scrap tuition fees in England and Wales.
The search for a missing airman who died in the Shoreham Shoreham airshow has resumed.
The former director of the US National Security Agency (NSA), James Comey, has said he does not want to give evidence to Congress.
The Obamas have held a private party in New York, the White House has confirmed.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Millions of people are suffering from mental health problems every day.
The author of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay has been ordered to publish a second novel after a US court ordered her to do so.
The US has suspended air strikes on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the US says.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has become the first Muslim mayor in the UK.
A children's choir has posted a video of its new vicar singing a "Harry Potter song".
Manchester City striker Kevin de Bruyne has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A man has been killed in a knife attack on a train in the Swiss city of St Gallen, police say.
A drone has been spotted near a busy airport in Devon.
A seal that was tangled in netting has been rescued from a beach in Dumfries.
A collection of manuscripts belonging to one of the world's most famous authors has been opened to the public.
The Leeds General Workers' Union (GMU) has elected its new president.
Laura Ingalls Wilder says she is ready to be on the big screen.
Former Newcastle striker Jonas Gutierrez says he is ready to return to the Premier League after being diagnosed with cancer.
Exeter City have reported a pre-tax profit of £1m for the first three months of the financial year.
Olympic javelin champion Abdullah Hayayei has died after falling from a cage at a training centre in London.
Business confidence in Scotland has picked up, according to a new survey by the Chambers of Commerce.
An inquiry into the use of undercover police in England and Wales is to be launched by the Home Office.
New Zealand reached the semi-finals of the World Cup for the first time with a convincing victory over South Africa.
A Grade II* listed obelisk has been put up for sale after it was damaged by lightning.
Spanish clothing retailer Inditex has reported record sales in the first three months of the year.
Pop star Lady Gaga has arrived in Houston, Texas, to perform at the Super Bowl.
Victims of the Rochdale paedophile gang have said they are "still not getting the help they need".
A Victoria Victoria store has reopened after a waterlogged ceiling caused it to shut for more than an hour.
A growing number of comments on net neutrality proposals have been posted online, the BBC has learned.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Cotton says the club needs to do more to improve its facilities.
Disney's Moana has topped the North American box office for the first time.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the second round of the Australian Open with a straight-set victory over American Heather Watson.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in Londonderry.
Scientists in Guinea say they have identified the source of the deadly Ebola virus that killed one of their children, Emile.
Great Britain's Little Bingham says she would love to play at the WGC-Bridgestone Championship if she had a baby.
Plans to demolish a Grade II listed pier in Swansea have been approved by councillors.
Campaigners have launched a legal challenge against Oxford University's plans to build more than 1,000 flats in Oxford.
Parents have written to the head of a children's education trust to warn it is facing cuts of up to 8% in funding.
Liberia and the Democratic Republic of Congo could become the first countries in the world to set up protected areas, a study suggests.
Human remains have been found on a busy dual carriageway in West Mercia.
Colombia's Andrei Dusov has been knocked out in the semi-finals of the World Boxing Championships in London.
University lecturers in the UK have rejected a new offer from the University of Oxford.
Plans to close a primary school in East Dunbartonshire have been backed by the Scottish government.
Stevenage striker Kazuyoshi has signed a new three-year contract with the League Two club.
At least four people have been killed in clashes between Indian and Pakistani troops in the disputed Kashmir region, officials say.
The European Central Bank (ECB) has said it is prepared to intervene if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
Sale Sharks scrum-half Alex Easter has left the Premiership club at the end of the season.
The family of patients who died at a mental health unit in north Wales have said they are "deeply saddened" by the findings.
A Londonderry man has been jailed for four years for a series of violent assaults on two men.
Singer Hope Solo has been suspended for the rest of the Women's World Cup after testing positive for a banned substance.
Two men have pleaded guilty to drugs offences.
Police Scotland has become the first UK force to use Tasers in the UK.
DID Systems, a Glasgow-based engineering firm, has been bought by the Scottish government for an undisclosed sum.
A Colombian footballer who died in the Copa Sudamericana plane crash has been named.
Tributes have been paid to Wiltshire's plans to build a tunnel around Stonehenge.
Everton reached the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Wolfsburg.
National League side Blackpool have parted company with defender Paul Bishop following the club's relegation from League Two.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at how prostate cancer is being treated in the UK.
Defender Christian Wade scored a hat-trick as Worcester beat Wasps to reach the semi-finals of the Pro12.
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis.
Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed dozens of runways at a major airport in the Iraqi city of Mosul.
Tens of thousands of passengers could be stranded on a busy railway line during rush hour, rail bosses have warned.
A company has been granted permission to drill for oil and gas in Powys.
Online retailer Amazon has opened two new branches in the European Union.
Junior doctors in England have gone on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Oxford United midfielder Jake Kenny has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
More than £1m has been awarded to two Scottish universities to improve their academic facilities.
The widow of former West Brom striker Alan Astle has called for a meeting with the Football Association to discuss concussion.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at how the gap between the rich and the poor is widening.
Sale Sharks have signed two brothers, Tom and Tom, for the 2017-18 season.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a woman in Calais.
Israel has rejected a plan to hold a UN nuclear review into the country's nuclear programme.
A ban on fracking in Wales has been lifted, the Welsh government has said.
Tyson Fury, the world's most famous boxer, has been accused of being a drunk driver.
England head coach Eddie Jones is keen to add more experienced players to his squad for the autumn internationals.
A collection of paintings by a Northumberland artist has gone on display for the first time.
Scotland manager Gordon Lennon says he is "disappointed" that Scott Brown has not been included in the squad for Euro 2016.
A buzzard has been freed from a fence after being attacked by a buzzard.
Hundreds of Post Office workers are going on strike in London to protest against the planned closure of the Post Office.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has said he has no intention of voting for the party in the general election.
Drugs have been seized in the Republic of Ireland as part of a drugs investigation.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has said he does not believe a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union could happen.
Nottingham Forest manager Paul Bentley says the club's players are still learning how to keep their heads in the game.
The US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has called for an end to the blockade of Qatar.
UKIP leader Jo Evans has said she will not stand in the party's leadership contest.
A taxi driver in the Indian city of Delhi has been charged with raping a student, police say.
When Wales reached the semi-finals of Euro 2016, it was a moment of euphoria.
Parts of Renfrewshire are the most deprived areas in Scotland, according to new figures.
Olympic gold medallist Paul Cassells and world champion Paul Scrimrimour have won the men's coxless sculls final at the Rotterdam World Championships.
Bristol Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock defender Matt Johnston on a two-year deal.
Guillermo Guidolin's reign as Swansea City manager ended with a 2-1 victory over Swansea City.
It's been a busy week for Scottish rugby.
The T20 music festival in Strathallan, Scotland, has been announced.
The US has urged North Korea to halt its nuclear programme.
Human bones have been found during a search for a missing man.
Salford Red Devils are one of the most successful clubs in the world.
Ireland women beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 in Thailand.
The family of a terminally ill man who died at a hospital in Essex have said they are "devastated" by a lack of improvement.
Britain's Chris Cavendish set a new world sprint record as he reached the semi-finals of the UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
The Department of Health and Social Care (DSP) has said it expects to receive more than £1m in funding over the next three years.
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and his co-founder, Tyler Winklevoss, have settled a long-running legal dispute.
A 16-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car.
George Pincher, one of Britain's most successful journalists, has died at the age of 83.
Dundee United have signed Dundee striker Jack Stewart on a season-long loan deal.
A former soldier has been found guilty of phone-hacking at a police barracks in Nottingham.
A care home has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was found in a car.
Power has been restored to more than 100 properties in Lancashire after a power cut.
A High Court judge has ruled that the government's decision to block plans for a £1m horse farm in a Derbyshire village has been "unlawful".
Plans for a new ferry to Cowley have been given the go-ahead.
Lille striker Sam Sliti has extended his loan spell with the French club until the end of the season.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been on the International Space Station for the first time.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
A light aircraft has made an emergency landing at Prestwick Airport.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
The 2018 European Championship gets under way in France, Germany and Spain.
Great Britain's men's basketball team will face Greece in the semi-finals of the EuroBasket.
Wales' hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup were dealt a blow as they were beaten by Australia at Twickenham.
Scotland scrum-half Joe Cotter's return to the Six Nations will be a "massive boost" for the team, according to head coach Stuart Cotter.
Former US military intelligence chief Gen David Petraeus has said the Islamic State (IS) group should be defeated.
More than 1,000 people have been affected by a cyber-attack on Edinburgh City Council.
The Syrian opposition has called for an end to fighting between government forces and rebel groups in the northern city of Aleppo.
Social media firm Instagram has said it plans to invest $1bn (Â£1.5bn) over the next five years in its business.
Ed Sheeran has been announced as the winner of the Mercury Prize for the first time.
A former Metropolitan Police officer has been cleared of assaulting a prisoner.
Pembrokeshire MP Paul Cairns has called for a cross-party consensus on the UK's membership of the European Union.
The families of victims of the Hillsborough disaster have urged the Home Office to set up an independent inquiry into their deaths.
Trolls could be prosecuted for "grossly offensive" online abuse, under new laws.
When Mohammad Faizan, a six-year-old boy, was shot dead at a school in the northern Indian state of Kashmir on Sunday, his family said he was a "martyr".
A woman has died after being hit by a car.
Four companies have been chosen as the preferred bidder to run the new Metro rail franchise in Wales.
Former BBC Scotland presenter Robbie Williams has announced he is to retire from broadcasting at the end of 2017.
Carlisle United chairman Paul Coleman says he is "disappointed" by the League Two club's decision to move to Carlisle United.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested after a suspicious package was found at Old Trafford.
Accrington Stanley beat Preston North End to reach the League Two play-off semi-finals for the first time.
A dog walker who was mistaken for a cat has said he is "lucky to be alive".
Scotland's Jessica Muir says she is "disappointed" she will not be able to compete at this year's Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the rest of the season after pleading guilty to money-laundering offences.
The funeral of broadcaster Sir Terry Evans has been held in Limerick.
Scottish Labour and the SNP have said they are concerned about the future of shipyard orders in the Clyde.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton clashed on the final day of the Republican presidential debate in New York.
Ukrainian singer Jamala has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second year in a row.
Lifeguards are to be deployed to a seaside resort in a bid to reduce the number of deaths.
Partick Thistle manager Paul Archibald should stay at the club beyond the end of the season, says head coach Alan Osman.
Canadian police have arrested six suspected members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in connection with their decision to leave the country.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed midfielder Jack Dixon on loan until the end of the season.
The NHS could lose £200m a year if it allowed foreign patients to travel to the UK for emergency treatment, a report says.
Belfast Giants suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Cardiff Devils.
One of the world's longest-running steam locomotives, the Great Western Railway, has returned to the UK.
A former head teacher has been cleared of sexual abuse at a boys' school in Leeds.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has topped the US box office for the first time.
Paralympic bronze medallist Jade Williamson says she has recovered from her crash at the World Para-cycling Championships in Rotterdam.
The gap between the life expectancy of men and women is closing, according to a new study.
A former chief constable of Greater Manchester's police and crime commissioner has resigned.
In our series of letters from Asian journalists, novelist and author Stephen King looks at China's debt crisis.
Plans for a super-high-speed tunnel in London's Thames estuary have been criticised by a leading academic.
Plans for a Swansea Bay tidal lagoon have been criticised by a leading environmental group.
Sale Sharks have signed hooker Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors for an undisclosed fee.
A Chinese plane has been forced to take off from Shanghai International Airport after a fire broke out in its engine.
A married couple whose children were born in the UK have been given the go-ahead to leave the European Union.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
A 16-team league could help boost the number of young players in the Czech Republic, according to former national team coach Paul Fitzfel.
President Pierre Nkurunziza of the Democratic Republic of Congo has been named as the new president of the Central African Republic.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's first-half strike gave Exeter City victory over Wycombe.
Australia's largest newspaper, Fairfax Media, has announced plans to cut more than 1,000 jobs.
Olympic-winning jockey Ryan Marququie would be a world-class jockey, according to his trainer.
Colombia and the Farc rebel group have agreed to resume talks to resolve the long-running conflict.
Blackburn Rovers and Blackburn Rovers have been charged by the Football Association with violent conduct.
Octopuses are more aggressive than other octopuses, a study suggests.
British number one Heather Robson has signed a new three-year contract with Nottingham.
Human rights groups in the Democratic Republic of Congo say they are concerned about the discovery of bodies at a burial ground in the capital, Dusaka.
Everton have appointed Ronald Koeman as their new manager.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues in the government's latest White Paper.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack in northern Turkey, Kurdish officials say.
A body has been found in woodland near the home of a missing teenager.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is the world's most expensive footballer, according to a new study.
Solar Impulse, the world's first solar-powered aircraft, has arrived in China for the first time.
A former police officer has been paid £10,000 by a former colleague.
Actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role in the US TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 83.
Michael McAuley says Northern Ireland's victory at the World Cup was a "massive moment" for the team.
A legal challenge to the UK's decision to leave the European Union has been rejected by the Supreme Court.
A mother whose brother and sister were stabbed to death at their Birmingham home has said she will never be the same.
A North Korean man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for defrauding the US out of more than $1m (£770,000).
South Korea's government has apologised after a 15-year-old boy failed to correctly answer a question on the national SAT exam.
Gloucestershire's All Golds have said they are open to the idea of moving to a new home.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn of trying to silence him.
Britain's Geraint Thomas and Mark Cavendish are among the riders taking part in the 2017 Tour de Britain.
A former chief executive of a cancer charity has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering.
A Dalit woman in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh has said she was beaten to death by a gang of men in her village.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has called on the US to halt its air strikes against Kurdish fighters in Syria.
Mae'r etholwyr Llanelwy wedi cael llawer o groeso yn yr Esgob John Davies yn dweud.
Shares in Japanese electronics giant Toshiba have jumped more than 20% after the Japanese firm said it was in talks to sell its shares.
England captain Jos Buttler says his side can beat Pakistan on day two of the second Test in Sharjah.
British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland has defended his side's squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed former Brentford defender David Hodson on a season-long loan deal.
The remains of one of Scotland's oldest surviving families have been donated to a church in Inverness.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering a man she met online.
Thousands of guns and ammunition have been sold on the dark web, according to a new study.
Chris Rock has announced he is divorcing his wife.
A man who lost more than half of his body in a botched operation in New York has been granted a visa to travel to the US.
Two new drugs have been found to help fight prostate cancer, say researchers.
Premier League matches will be played on the same day as the Champions League final, the European Football Association (Uefa) has announced.
Teachers should be trained in how to deal with the growing demand for female genital mutilation (FGM), a trade union has said.
Police have released CCTV images of a woman they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault at Inverness Park.
Swansea City are in danger of relegation from the Premier League, according to the club's former manager Paul Curtis.
Welsh students who owe more than £10,000 on their university loans have been able to repay their debts for the first time, figures show.
A man who pretended to be a third pilot has been arrested in Turin, Italian police say.
David Cameron has said the UK needs to do more to encourage people to learn to speak English.
The number of people living in poverty in Wales has reached a record high, according to a charity.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has ruled that workers who travel more than 24 hours a day are not entitled to work hours.
Schools in Guinea have reopened for the first time since the outbreak of the Ebola virus.
(Close): London's leading share index has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years.
A woman who was murdered in her home in County Londonderry more than 20 years ago has been named as a victim of a serial killer.
Russian opposition leader Alexander Kasyasyan has accused President Vladimir Putin of trying to intimidate him.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal said he had no idea his side would beat Arsenal in the FA Cup quarter-finals.
BrewDog has raised more than £1m in a crowdfunding campaign to expand into the US.
Tata Steel has agreed to resolve a long-running dispute over pensions.
Keurig coffee maker Jugurig Coffee has been bought by a Dutch firm for $1.2bn (£1.3bn).
A University of Strathclyde has apologised after a poster featuring Jennifer Lawrence was defaced online.
A man has been stabbed to death in a west London street.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says his side are not playing at the same level as last year.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have broken the club's all-time record for goals scored in a season.
Plans for a new college at the University of Wolverhampton have been put on hold.
A children's TV station has apologised after it was accused of "misleading" the public.
Former Aston Villa boss Colin Calderwood has left the Championship club.
Wales fly-half Sam Roberts says he has been inspired by his role as captain of the British and Irish Lions.
England's performance in Saturday's Six Nations defeat by Scotland was the best performance of the season so far.
Great Britain failed to qualify for the final of the men's 4x100m relay at the World Championships in London.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus collided with a bus in Falkirk.
A man has died after being hit by a forklift in Kilmarnock.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Adams says she has been inspired by the work of former world champion Virgil Ward.
For decades, the world has been gripped by the prospect of a nuclear war.
The former chief executive of Anglo Irish Bank, Michael Drumm, has been extradited to the Republic of Ireland.
Lala Lala has been speaking to the BBC's Africa Beats programme for the first time.
Burmese President Aung San Suu Kyi has called for a national inquiry into the plight of the Rohingya Muslim minority.
It's been a long time since I've seen any kind of contact with Ivan Ivanovic.
Thousands of young people in Scotland have voted in favour of lowering the age at which people can vote.
Sebastian Vettel has been confirmed as the new world champion of Formula 1.
Smoking increases the risk of schizophrenia, a study suggests.
A number of people have been rescued from a beach in Aviemore.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Carey, has said he will not support a bill to allow terminally ill people to take their own lives.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has been sacked by the club, according to former England goalkeeper Gary Lineker.
More than 1,000 people have been rescued from a collapsed building in the southern Indian city of Savitri, officials say.
Dundee United have signed midfielder Harry Lewis from Kilmarnock for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic manager Derek McInnes has been criticised for his poor start to the season.
A year ago, Alexander Litvinenko was in a critical condition in a London hospital.
A Caerphilly health board has been fined £154,054 for failing to properly fund a fundraising challenge.
Police are appealing for information after a woman was hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh.
Three men have been arrested after a tractor they were driving was seized during a night shift.
A man has appeared in court accused of fraudulently claiming to be the victim of the Grenfell Tower fire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and columnist Adaobi Nwaubani looks at some of the key issues facing the continent.
A man has told a court he has been ordered to demolish his former home and build a new one.
The first trams have opened to the public in Nottingham.
Two vans have been stolen as part of a renovation of a children's home.
Oil giant Tullow Oil has warned of a "significant" fall in profits in the North Sea.
Mobile phone operators EE and Vodafone have been rated the worst in the UK in a new study.
A man who drove a rollercoaster through Dumfries and Galloway has been given a community order.
A block of flats in the Brazilian city of Vila Uniao has been demolished.
The UK's nuclear regulator has agreed to increase the safety limit for some of the country's oldest reactors.
A man who killed a lion in Zimbabwe has called for the killing of the animal to be stopped.
The Lagavulin 200 Legacy whisky has been launched on Islay.
The body of an artist who died after being attacked by a bottle of alcohol has been found in his bedroom, an inquest has heard.
Nigeria's national rowing champion, Ukogu, has won a gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
A flight from Edinburgh to London has been diverted to Edinburgh after a problem with its engine.
A minute's silence has been observed for the victims of the Manchester Arena terror attack.
More than £1m has been spent on the expansion of academies in England over the last two years, a report has found.
Russell Knox, the world's most successful golfer, has arrived at the Scottish Open for the first time.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Watts has called for police to release CCTV footage of her last moments.
The Irish president of the International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach, has been questioned by police investigating his role in the Rio Olympics.
Joyce Banda has become Malawi's first female president.
Championship side Forest Green Rovers have been drawn in the first round of the EFL Cup.
Two brothers have been arrested over the theft of a baby monkey from a Sydney zoo.
Mumsums, the online recruitment agency set up to help recruit spies, has been criticised by MPs.
A senior Muslim cleric has called for a "peaceful" response to the Westminster terror attack.
Charlotte Watts has given birth to her first child.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the deaths of two people by dangerous driving.
A transgender woman who had a double mastectomy has spoken of how she felt when she had the operation.
Astronomers have discovered a new planet in the Solar System.
Thousands of anti-Nato campaigners have set up camp in Newport ahead of the Nato summit in June.
A man has been arrested in connection with a cyber-attack on Kate Middleton's private email account.
The Metropolitan Police has said it is investigating reports of racist abuse in the wake of the EU referendum.
Ospreys have signed former Ospreys scrum-half Rob McCusker on a two-year deal.
Gunmen have shot dead a Saudi prince and his wife as they tried to hijack a car they were travelling in, French media report.
Being a female rugby union referee is one of the most prestigious jobs in the world.
Communications between the islands of Shetland and Orkney have been restored following a technical problem.
A Catholic school in Jersey has apologised to parents over the cost of its annual prom.
Mohamed, a Syrian refugee from Syria, has been living in Turkey for more than a year.
Peter Porter has stepped down as manager of League Two side Dagenham & Redbridge at the end of the season.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has been accused of drinking too much wine during a speech at the US Congress.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has announced his resignation.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of "bullying" its MPs.
A taxi driver has been arrested on suspicion of trying to kidnap two teenage girls in Derbyshire.
A food truck for ex-offenders has opened in Glasgow.
A man who raped and sexually assaulted a woman in the Netherlands has been named as one of the UK's most wanted fugitives.
Police in the US city of Dallas have fired tear gas at the headquarters of the US Army Reserve.
A man has been jailed for sexually abusing a 13-year-old boy.
Samantha has been sent to the International Space Station for the first time.
A councillor has been threatened with legal action over the removal of trees in Sheffield.
Team Sky chief executive Dave Thomas has said he is "100% in support" of Team Sky boss Dave Brailsford.
Snapchat has announced that it is creating a smartphone that allows users to share photos of themselves in the real world.
Guinea's national football team has arrived in the capital, Libreville, for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers.
Prime Minister David Cameron has backed plans to expand grammar schools in Kent.
Richarlison's first-half equaliser gave Bristol City victory over Watford in the National League.
Tens of thousands of prisoners have been allowed to return to their cells after a row broke out at a prison.
England captain Alastair Cook has praised head coach Peter Moores for helping him improve his game.
Cambridgeshire manager Paul McCann says he has no doubt his side can reach the League One play-offs.
Campaigners have called for a public inquiry into plans for a new housing development in Maidstone.
A section of a dual carriageway has been closed for more than two weeks as part of a safety review.
A Metropolitan Police officer has been cleared of racism after a monkey was found on a police officer's desk.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he will kill journalists if they criticise him.
A man has died after being attacked by a shark on a beach in Western Australia.
A kayaker has died after falling into a river in Conwy county.
Botswana is one of Africa's poorest countries.
The mother of a three-year-old girl who was found dead in her mother's home had a broken leg and a fractured skull, a court heard.
Kilmarnock manager Ronan Paatelainen praised his side's resilience after a 2-1 victory over St Johnstone.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend.
Two men have saved the life of a man trapped in a crushed car.
More than 1,000 police officers are to be recruited in England and Wales, the Metropolitan Police chief has said.
Italy's parliament has passed a controversial reform of the country's electoral system.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in the price of oil.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a three-year-old boy by careless driving.
Paralympic gold medallist Hannah Peacock and Paralympic champion Jessica Whitehead have been named in Great Britain's squad for the 2016 London Athletics Championships.
The father of a woman who was raped by her husband in Afghanistan has told the BBC he is "devastated" that he has not been able to come forward.
A man who broke into his ex-girlfriend's home and threatened her with a hammer has been jailed for three years.
Worcestershire all-rounder Marcus Trott hit his first first-class century of the season on day two of their County Championship match against Somerset.
Ryan Flynn's second-half equaliser gave Yeovil Town victory at Newport County.
Gareth Grealish scored a hat-trick as England reached the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup with victory over Paraguay.
Labour MP Kirsty Thornberry has resigned after posting a picture of her in Rochester and Strood.
The founder of The Carpenters, John Carpenter, has filed a lawsuit against Universal Music.
A group of companies from the north east of Scotland has arrived in the US to discuss opportunities in the North Sea.
The Catholic Church in the Dominican Republic has been accused of being complicit in the deportation of thousands of Haitians.
Plans to double the number of secondary schools in Surrey have been approved.
Championship side Portsmouth have signed midfielder Emmanuel Lziangzi on loan until the end of the season.
Sinn Féin full-back Conor Bowe and scrum-half Joe Bowe will miss Ulster's Six Nations opener against Zebre on Saturday.
Councillors in Brecon Beacons have voted in favour of a proposal to allow a pub to be converted into a coffee shop.
Partick Thistle suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Bairns.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has called for an end to the migrant crisis in the Middle East.
The Scottish government is to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops.
A Muslim-run school has been told to stop wearing headscarves in the classroom.
A Dundee man has been found guilty of fraudulently claiming more than £20,000 in benefits.
A man who stabbed his father to death has been jailed for life.
The UK's economy grew by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme, BBC Sport looks at some of the biggest sporting events in the world.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said he would be "disappointed" if the party's leader, Neil Hamilton, died at the age of 77.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his side's victory over Chelsea was a "massive" achievement.
People in care homes in Wales are being asked to share their concerns about the quality of care they receive.
Alan Evans has been appointed as the new head of the Welsh language service, SSEC.
Mae cynnal pleidlais yn parhau gwleidyddol yn gael bargen ddim.
A project to investigate the existence of yeti-like creatures has been launched by the University of Lausanne.
Wales striker Diafra Sakho has been cleared of a banned substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
The UK should become the first country in the world to test genetically modified (GM) crops, a think tank says.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Israel's defence minister has said he is "deeply saddened" by comments he made about Jews during World War Two.
A review of S4C's funding is to be carried out by the Welsh government.
Passengers travelling between Glasgow and Edinburgh are being warned to expect delays as part of a major rail upgrade.
Swansea City have confirmed they are in talks with the owner of the Premier League club, Said al-Hasawi.
There has been a sharp rise in the number of GCSE and A-level results in Northern Ireland this year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has urged the world's top economies to work together to tackle the global financial crisis.
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been dropped from the Republican race for the party's presidential nomination.
Leicester Tigers have signed scrum-half Ellis Genge on loan until the end of the season.
The head of the Department for Transport (D DVLA) has said he has no plans to cut the number of staff at the centre of a dispute.
Worcestershire need to improve their wickets, says former England batsman Mark Rhodes.
Facebook is planning to build a new headquarters in Menlo Park, California.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of baby Bailey.
Championship side Walsall have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Liam Williams on a season-long loan deal.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a Notting Hill Carnival.
It has been a year since the Olympic Games began.
It has been a decade since the creation of the Sykes-Picot map.
Celtic striker Scott Roberts says he has a belief in his ability to win trophies in the Premier League.
Premier League clubs spent more than £1m on agents' fees in 2016-17, according to official figures.
League Two side Colchester United have signed striker Luke Brillon and defender Scott Brillon on two-year deals.
Dennis Dingledine, the founder of the Tor network, is one of the most well-known figures in the world.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife at their home, an inquest has heard.
In his first game as Scotland manager, Gordon Strachan admitted that his side were in a state of "panic".
Bury extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to seven points with victory over Coventry.
The Australian government says it has stopped the deportation of Vietnamese asylum seekers to Vietnam.
World champion Marc Marquez clinched his second MotoGP title of the season with victory in the final round of the South African Grand Prix.
Olympic silver medallist Helen Glover says she is hopeful she will be able to co-operate with world champion Heather Swann in the coxswal.
Nick Clegg has accused the Liberal Democrats of being a "snobbery" party.
China's economy grew by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official data.
In our series of letters from technology journalists, Microsoft looks at some of the big trends in the world of technology.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have won a record number of seats in the assembly election.
Championship side Mansfield Town have signed Nottingham Forest striker Alex Tshibola on loan until the end of the season.
Votes have been counted in the Merseyside by-election.
A giant cancer-stricken billboard has been erected in Bangor, County Down.
Thousands of people have taken part in the first Pride parade in London.
One of the world's largest aircraft manufacturers, Leonardo, has announced it is to close its factory in Yeovil.
A man has appeared in court charged with assaulting a woman in a car in west Belfast.
The UK government was granted permission to build a missile defence facility on a rock in the Outer Hebrides, leaked documents show.
A former Liverpool mayor has been awarded a knighthood for his contribution to the city.
League Two side Alfreton Town have signed former Wycombe Wanderers midfielder Jack Mooney on a two-year deal.
Plans to introduce bioenergy crops into the UK's soil have been backed by the UK government.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its forecast for the Conservative government's finances for the next three years.
Former BBC Watchdog presenter Laura Rawley has joined the cast of BBC Two's Watchdog.
The president of the Swiss Football Association (Fifa) has been barred from standing in next year's Fifa presidential election.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a 16-year-old girl whose body was found on her bed.
The BBC spends more money in Scotland than anywhere else in the UK, according to a new report.
World number one Mark Williams beat Ding Junhui to reach the Crucible semi-finals for the second year in a row.
The US says it has welcomed Bahrain's lifting of human rights restrictions.
A ticket for the Beatles' first ever concert has been sold for more than £10,000.
Child care services in England and Wales are failing to meet the needs of young people, a committee of MPs has said.
Schools should be allowed to teach "fundamental British values", the head teacher of a Southend school has said.
A body has been found at a house in Pembrokeshire.
Actor David Oyelowo has criticised actor Benedict Cumberbatch over comments he made about black actors.
The law governing the rights of vulnerable people should be scrapped, the Law Commission has said.
When Margaret Thatcher took over as prime minister in 1981, the government was in the midst of a major shake-up of the housing market.
Oil giant BP has confirmed the discovery of a large oil and gas field in the North Sea.
Red Bull's relationship with Renault is over, the team has confirmed.
A cruise ship that capsized in the Gulf of Mexico last week has arrived in the US state of Louisiana.
London Irish beat Harlequins to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Conservationists in Guernsey have been asked to submit their views to the government.
The title of the film Slumdog Millionaire has been given to a village in the Scottish Highlands.
Somerset's Trescothick and Trerescumbert shared a century each as they took control of the second day of their County Championship match.
A "Trojan Horse" report by a former Birmingham head teacher has been published.
Venezuela's lower house of parliament has been shut down for more than two hours because of a lack of electricity.
Vietnam's highest-ranking doctor, Nguyen Phu Trang, has told the BBC that she has received more than $1m (Â£1m) in donations for her son's cancer treatment.
Argentina has said it will prosecute the owners of oil companies operating in the Falkland Islands.
Two former Saracens scrum-half brothers have died at the age of 16.
The world's oldest woman has died at the age of 112.
Scarlets are the best team in the world to beat Racing 92 in the European Champions Cup, according to former Scarlets scrum-half Paul Owens.
Widnes Vikings beat Widnes Vikings to reach the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
A female kickboxing boxer has said she is "disappointed" she has not been able to compete at the World Boxing Championships.
Maria Sharapova continued her impressive start to the year with victory in the first round of the German Open at Stuttgart.
Former world number one Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Aegon Championships in London.
Kilmarnock manager Derek Houston says he would like to add a striker to his squad.
French President Francois Hollande has said the European Union needs to "change" after the country voted to leave the bloc.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused the Conservatives of "wilfully dishonest" over their immigration policy.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said it would be "disastrous" for the UK to renew its Trident nuclear weapons system.
Councils in England and Wales are to get more funding for weekly bin collections, the government has said.
Archaeologists say they have discovered a new type of ancient burial ground in the Amazon rainforest.
Liam Walsh scored a hat-trick as Hull FC beat Catalans Dragons to reach the semi-finals of the European Challenge Cup.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of songs he has written for the role of Lord of the Rings.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer took over as Cardiff City manager at the end of the season, it was a huge step forward for the club.
Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce says he has no regrets about his side's relegation from the Premier League.
The Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has been re-elected.
The Queen has been spotted eating at a Scottish brothel for the first time.
The son of the Hillsborough killer, Stephen, has been described as a "lovable kid" by his family.
A US Marine has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a Filipino woman in the Philippines.
Former world number one Ian Fleming has called for a ban on match-fixing in tennis.
The US military is considering whether to allow transgender female soldier Bradley Manning to serve in the military, the Pentagon has said.
Conservative MP Iain Duncan Smith has resigned as leader of the House of Commons.
British number one Heather Watson has withdrawn from the first round of the Aegon International in South Korea.
Growing up in South Korea, it was a dream come true.
Mercedes dominated the first practice session of the Belgian Grand Prix at Spa-Francorchamps.
St Johnstone have signed midfielder Kyle McClean on loan until the end of the season.
Disney has become the "Disney of the world", a leading children's author has said.
The number of students applying for university places has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Millions of tonnes of phosphorus will be wasted on grassland by 2050, according to a new study.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has called for a ban on foreign buyers buying Canadian homes.
A six-year-old boy with liver cancer has had a liver transplant in Birmingham.
The mother of a terminally ill girl has been jailed for five years for fraudulently claiming to be a bone marrow donor.
A former police officer has been jailed for four years for sexual offences against children.
ScotRail has reached a deal with the RMT union to resolve a long-running dispute over pay.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the middle of the Forth estuary.
Panthers beat Devils 4-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
Actress Helen Williams has resigned from the Miss America pageant.
Plans for the decommissioning of two Royal Navy warships have been submitted to the Ministry of Defence.
An energy company has submitted a request to the Scottish government for permission to build a high-speed interconnector between the Western Isles and the Shetland Isles.
Sweden's former foreign minister, Johan Gustafsson, has been freed from captivity in Mali.
Anthony Grigg's second-half equaliser gave Blackburn Rovers victory over Wigan Athletic.
Children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to be in hospital than those with type 2 diabetes, a study has found.
Nottingham Forest maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Preston North End.
The son of Venezuela's President Nicolás Maduro has said he wants to speak to him about the death of his father.
A former member of the Provisional IRA has said Boston College has been ordered to hand over the tapes of his former paramilitaries.
A tortoise has been stolen from a shop in Lancashire.
A bird flu outbreak has been confirmed at a poultry farm in Lincolnshire, according to the Department for Food and Rural Affairs (Defra).
Cameroon has been accused by the UN refugee agency (UNHCR) of forced repatriation of refugees from the Central African Republic (CAR).
A four-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool has won a High Court ruling against the county council.
Ghana international striker Saido Carayol says he is relishing the chance to play for the Gambia.
Burundi's opposition party has won a majority in the presidential election, the country's electoral commission says.
Millions of savers are struggling to make ends meet because of low interest rates, according to a new report.
The world's longest bridge, the Forth Bridge, has been awarded World Heritage status.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has said it is "disappointed" that Gordon Strachan is no longer in charge of the country.
Plans to grow jatropha trees in deserts around the world have been described as a "miracle".
The Scottish Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats have launched their campaigns ahead of the general election.
Burkina Faso has asked the French government to hand over documents relating to the assassination of former President Pierre Nkurunziza.
At least eight people have died after a bridge collapsed in the western Indian state of Goa.
Scotland has the highest number of traffic hotspots in the world, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of using a mobile phone to record indecent images of women and children in Falkirk.
Police in Mexico say they have freed more than 100 people who had been held captive for more than a week.
Hamilton Academical boss Paul Wright says he is "disappointed" by the behaviour of his side's players following their 2-1 defeat by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
The winners of this year's Grammy Awards have been announced.
Millions of people around the world are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was shot dead in a street.
The father of a transgender woman who died after being sent to a male prison has told an inquest she wanted to move to a female prison.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland has reached a record high, according to new figures.
A six-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being crushed by a trailer during a school trip.
World number one Andy Murray says he is ready to win the Davis Cup for the first time in his career.
Anthony Joshua says his preparation for his heavyweight fight with Wladimir Klitschko has been "tough".
Pope Francis has led a service at the Colosseum in Rome to remember the victims of the Boko Haram Islamist militant group.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the release of a photo of a gunman shot dead at a cinema in Denver last week.
A huge swarm of locusts has spread across the south-western region of Bolivia, officials say.
Former Wales captain Sir Gareth Edwards has died at the age of 90.
Ronny Forrest's injury-time equaliser was enough to give Scotland a 1-1 draw against England in the first leg of their Euro 2016 qualifier.
The emperor penguins in the Antarctic are adapting to the changing climate, according to new research.
A polar bear cub has been born at a Scottish wildlife park for the first time.
McGuinness has been named as his new team-mate for this year's Isle of Man TT.
Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete who shot and killed his girlfriend in South Africa, has been sentenced to life in prison.
A minke whale has been spotted in the River Londonderry.
A Texas police officer accused of using a stun gun on a black woman has been fired.
Fleetwood came from behind to beat Shrewsbury and reach the League Two play-offs for the first time.
Louis and Harry have broken the world record for the most tweets shared on social media.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has upheld a Chilean court's ruling that a former member of the so-called "Silent Spring" was subjected to torture and forced labour.
Gower MP Craig Craig has been asked to write a letter to his predecessor in the House of Commons.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, we look at some of the key moments in the US presidential election campaign.
A community-run pub has been named the best pub in the world.
The Mexican state of Veracruz has launched a criminal investigation into alleged drug fraud.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) has discovered a new type of super particle.
Gloucester City Football Club chairman Paul Hughes says the club's future is in doubt after the club was forced to sell its Meadow Park ground.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a soldier who completed a marathon in Afghanistan.
A 19-year-old man who was sexually assaulted in a flat in west Belfast has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A US soldier has been killed in an air strike by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria, the US military says.
Oscar-winning actor Chris Efron has won the best actor award at this year's Golden Globes.
National League side Plymouth Argyle have been left out of their squad for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Manchester City have extended the loan spell of Brazil midfielder Lucas Cipriani until the end of the season.
An endangered dolphin has been attacked by tourists in a remote part of Spain.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a gang in Londonderry.
A doctor in the Cairn region of Scotland is encouraging people to take part in an exercise challenge.
As a wheelchair-bound woman in India, Polina Wewewewe has had her fair share of challenges.
Power has been restored to a number of properties in Northern Ireland following a power cut.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in central London.
Plans for a new cycle route in central London have been given the go-ahead.
The number of midwives in Wales is at an all-time high, according to a leading body.
The former head of MI5 has said the UK's involvement in the 2003 invasion of Iraq was "a mistake".
Nine horses have withdrawn from the running of the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham.
Teachers in Northern Ireland have accused the Department of Education of "bullying" over their pay.
A record number of animals have been counted at the London Zoo.
More than 1,000 people were arrested at UK airports last year, figures obtained by Panorama show.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a boy was found dead in a cellar.
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas has called for a second referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
Staff at a Lincolnshire mental health trust have improved, a report has found.
Two gay Bangladeshi men have been shot dead in the capital, Dhaka, police say.
Jockey Michael O'Leary has withdrawn from the Champion Hurdle at Aintree to concentrate on the Grand National at Punchestown.
The first batch of a vaccine for the Ebola virus has arrived in Monrovia.
Police searching for a man who went missing from his home in Inverness have found no sign of him.
Former Coronation Street actor Geoffrey Hughes has died at the age of 83.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland has reached a new all-time high, a charity has said.
The search for a Scottish forestry worker who went missing in Hanoi last month has been called off.
Prices of petrol and diesel have risen by more than a third in the last three months, the RAC has said.
Students at Oxford University have written to residents complaining about their behaviour.
The National Theatre in London is celebrating its 100th anniversary with a series of new productions.
Visitors to a Wirral hospital have been told to stay away from norovirus-infected wards until further notice.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder following an alleged acid attack.
A court in Paris has ruled that the French ferry firm SeaFrance is no longer viable.
Thousands of people have marched through the Jordanian capital, Amman, in support of King Abdullah II.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Milly Bellfield has said she does not know if she has made a confession to police.
Israel's parliament has voted to decriminalise the sale and possession of cannabis.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has done a "phenomenal job", according to former Rangers striker Mark Thompson.
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku says he does not want to leave the club.
Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 93.
A recording of Led Zeppelin's first full-length album has been made available for the first time.
The history of Wales can be traced back to the 13th Century.
A woman has been attacked at a prison in County Armagh with a razor blade.
Online shoppers are being warned to expect a "challenging" Christmas period as they try to return items they bought online.
Northern Ireland's health minister has told the BBC that the NHS in Northern Ireland is in crisis.
A 13-year-old girl who was seriously injured in a crash with a coach has returned to school.
Dundee beat Motherwell to move to within a point of the Scottish Premiership play-off places.
Derek Daly says he would love to play for Dundee United.
Derby County moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Ipswich.
The price of oil has risen to a record high for the first time in more than three years.
A Chinese man has broken the world record for the fastest lap of a Ferrari in China, state media report.
More than half of councils in England have failed to replace homes sold through the Right to Buy scheme, according to the charity Shelter.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill banning the ownership of state-owned media.
Plans to demolish a former Coventry fire station have been given the go-ahead.
A woman and her two children have been taken to hospital after a car they were in was stolen in west Belfast.
Portsmouth have agreed a deal to sign Eastleigh striker Jack Tubbs until the end of the season.
The European Commission president, Jean-Claude Juncker, has proposed new measures to tackle the migrant crisis.
The father and son of the founder of Northampton Town Football Club, David and Anthony Cardoza, have denied they were involved in a loan worth more than £1m.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has been accused of trying to "kill" opposition figures.
The Haitian opposition leader, Guy Philippe, has appeared in court to plead not guilty to drug trafficking charges.
More than 1,000 new nurses are being offered free accommodation at a West Midlands hospital.
Six people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the central Indian city of Mumbai.
Paris St-Germain striker Karim Benzema has been charged with possession of a sex tape.
League Two side Dingwall have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Jack Chow on a season-long loan.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship with victory over Hampshire at Headingley.
Thousands of people are taking part in the annual Ex Exeter Christmas Swim every year, a charity has said.
Five world weightlifting champions have been stripped of their medals after being found guilty of doping.
The number of vacant shops in Scotland's most deprived towns has fallen for the third year in a row, according to a new study.
The European Union has warned the UK not to be "self-indulgent" in its negotiations to leave the EU.
Greece's stock market has fallen sharply after talks between the country's creditors failed to reach a deal.
German airline Lufthansa has suspended all flights to and from Germany after pilots went on strike in a dispute over pay.
A Glastonbury music festival has been fined £20,000 for a sewage leak which caused more than 1,000 deaths.
Chancellor George Osborne faces a "challenging" financial future, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United have extended the contract of one of their top players until the end of the season.
It's been a busy week for the British and Irish Lions.
Education Secretary Nicky Hunt has called for a radical rethink of the GCSE exam system in England.
Tens of thousands of jobs have been lost at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland operations, the company has confirmed.
The UK needs to reach "superfast" broadband speeds by 2020, a think tank has said.
A sculpture believed to be a human being has been found in a river.
A Romanian man has been jailed for four years for trying to meet a teenage girl online.
Solihull Moors were held to a goalless draw by Bromley in the National League.
US President Barack Obama has said the number of refugees fleeing the conflict in Syria is at a record high.
Former Liberal Democrat leader David Laws has resigned from his role as director of the Centre for Economic Development (CED).
Human remains have been unearthed at Brighton's Exeter Hall, the city council has said.
Mae Llywod Cymru wedi ddydd wedi cael ei gael yn ôl wedi gael ei cael yng Nghymru.
More than 1,000 properties in York have had to fill out a form to apply for a flood relief fund.
A woman who was crushed to death when a minibus she was travelling in was hit by a lorry has spoken of her relief.
Human rights activists in Cuba have been detained by the Cuban government for protesting against the government's treatment of dissidents.
The number of new cars sold in Scotland reached a new all-time high last month, according to new figures.
Police are appealing for witnesses to a series of scams targeting tourists in Edinburgh.
The European Parliament has said it will not ratify a controversial trade deal between Canada and the US called CETA.
Hundreds of people have been celebrating the centenary of the Battle of Trafalgar Square.
A man who had to be resuscitated after a heart attack has had his heart defibrillator deflated.
Laura Enniskillen won gold in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Championships in Italy.
Children's charity Kids Company has been accused of failing to investigate allegations of sexual abuse by staff.
A dog has become the first dog in the UK to receive treats from a supermarket.
Jack Evans' first-half equaliser gave Bradford City victory over Bradford City in League One.
South Africa's former mayor of Tshwane has said he will stop buying luxury cars.
The Unite union has said it has reached a "positive agreement" with the owners of Bernard's in Northamptonshire.
A man has been injured after a homemade explosive device exploded at Beijing International Airport, state media report.
One person has been taken to hospital after a tanker overturned on a dual carriageway in Cardiff.
It has been a dream come true for one of Europe's most famous footballers.
Plans for an emergency centre in Dumfries and Galloway have been given the go-ahead.
Legoland's Windsor Castle car park has been closed to the public for more than a year.
A care home has been told it must improve its care.
Teenage actor Connor Franta has revealed he is gay.
A 13-year-old girl has written a letter to her mother after being burgled.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of carrying a machete.
Manchester United striker Didier Drogba has signed a new two-year contract with Phoenix Phoenix.
Barcelona striker Cesc Fabregas has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
A 19-year-old man who fell from a balcony in New Zealand has been treated for life-threatening injuries.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill could retire at the end of this year, according to her coach.
Will Miller scored twice as Wolves beat Burton Albion to move to within a point of the Championship play-off places.
A mother-of-two has been threatened with a knife during a robbery at her home in Greater Manchester.
The number of footfalls in the Borders has reached a new all-time high, according to new figures.
Bhutan is one of the world's largest democracies, with more than 1,000 million people living in the country.
Motherwell have appointed former Motherwell and Motherwell head coach Shelley Kerr as their new head coach.
The US Federal Reserve has raised its key interest rate for the first time in more than a decade.
Hundreds of people have attended a public consultation on plans to close a Flintshire hospital.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon international Eric Choupo-po-Moting on a season-long loan deal.
Blackpool boss Paul Connolly's first game in charge of Crawley Town ended in a goalless draw with Crawley.
The Welsh Assembly has voted in favour of a new devolution bill.
I've been using the internet for more than two years.
The SNP has won a by-election in Ayrshire.
A court in the northern Italian city of Tuscany has upheld the convictions of four scientists who were found guilty of falsifying scientific evidence.
Antibiotic supplements have been shown to be able to boost the immune system, a study suggests.
Police in Northern Ireland are failing to protect vulnerable young people from sexual exploitation, a report has found.
Two of South Korea's best-selling horror films, Train to Busan and Train to Trainan, have been released in the US.
Omar Olomide has been arrested in the Democratic Republic of Congo on suspicion of assaulting a group of dancers.
Two men have been reported missing from a prison in Somerset.
Brendan Rodgers has been appointed as Celtic manager for the first time.
Pop star Kanye West has said he is open to collaborating with Ikea.
The British Airways (BAA) has apologised after a computer fault at Edinburgh Airport left passengers unable to check in.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with possession of a controlled substance with intent to supply.
Burkina Faso has declared a state of emergency in the restive northern region of Rakhine, calling for an independent inquiry into the violence.
Victims of violent crime in Essex have more than twice as many years to go to university, a study suggests.
Wigan Warriors winger Tomkins has signed a new two-year deal with the Super League club.
Airbus chief executive Martin Bregier has said he does not expect the UK to vote to leave the European Union.
A new planet has been discovered by Nasa's Kepler space telescope.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire has been named by his family.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Daniel Boruc has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Two new buildings have been built in China to help tackle the country's air pollution.
Great Britain's Adam Daley says he is "devastated" after failing to reach the final of the men's quadruple sculls at the Rio Olympics.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Burnley to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time.
Nama has been criticised by the Irish government over its handling of the sale of its Northern Ireland property portfolio.
A Twitter account belonging to the mayor of Rochester has been hacked.
A British man who travelled to West Africa to fight against the Ebola virus has been told he will not be allowed to stay in the UK.
The News at Ten is to be moved to the weekend, the BBC has announced.
The Rugby Football Union (RFA) has warned of a "culture of short-termism" in the Premiership.
Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare has "no interest" in becoming a manager, according to former boss Craig Keown.
A mental health trust has been criticised for failing to properly investigate the death of a carer.
Sony has announced that it will stop producing vinyl records for the first time.
A polar bear cub born at a wildlife park in Scotland has been put on display for the first time.
Vitamin D supplements should be available in all parts of the UK, say experts.
The government has announced plans to crack down on "violent extremism" in the UK.
A charity has called for a specialist treatment centre for a rare muscular dystrophy disease to be opened in Wales.
A bridge which collapsed in a flood has been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Scott Burns retained his IBF featherweight title with a unanimous points victory over Mexican Jorge Beltran in Las Vegas.
Tens of thousands of people have marched through the capital, Durban, to protest against xenophobic violence.
A man has died after falling from a balcony.
MPs are to set up a parliamentary inquiry into the UK's EU referendum campaign.
One of Scotland's richest men has told the BBC he plans to use his pension to pay off his debts.
Archaeologists have discovered the oldest crannog in Wales, dating back to the Iron Age.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire.
More than a third of NHS staff in England are paid more than £1m a year in salaries, figures show.
It's been 100 years since the Battle of the Somme took place.
The European Commission has called for a temporary emergency brake on the UK's migration policy.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for four years.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following the death of a man in a suspected attempted murder.
Voters in the US state of Colorado have begun voting for a new Republican presidential candidate.
A man whose body was found in a car has been named by police.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has accused rebels of violating a ceasefire in the rebel-held town of Debaltseve.
American rock band The Rolling Stones have become the first band to reach number one in the UK singles chart.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager.
Turkish military officials have been sacked following a failed coup attempt, the army says.
High-rise buildings in London have been inspected following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, the creator of the popular children's TV series SuperTed, has died at the age of 90.
A bus carrying Palestinian pilgrims has collided with a bus in the Jordanian city of Medina, the ministry of interior has said.
A man who suffered a broken collarbone in a hit-and-run attack in Gateshead has said he has no intention of going back to the area.
World number one Dustin Johnson has been ruled out of the US PGA Championship after injuring his back.
Exeter reached the third round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable victory over Cambridge.
The boss of Rolls-Royce has said he fears the company could lose its presence in Derby.
Bangladesh captain Misbah-ul-Haq says the country is facing a "catastrophic" terror attack in the country.
Birds have been found to be able to control a deadly fungus that attacks the immune system, a study suggests.
A plane was struck by lightning during a flight from London to Morocco.
A previously unknown fossil has been discovered in China.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a newborn baby.
Campaigners are calling for the closure of a stretch of road near Stonehenge to be reversed.
The oldest Sikh man in the world, Kartari Chand, has been married for 86 years.
Bolton Wanderers have agreed a new deal with midfielder Anthony Caddis.
England batsman Ben Johnson says he would like to return to the form he had during the first Test against Australia.
Britain's Chris Froome won the first stage of the Tour de France for the second year in a row.
Graffiti has been sprayed on the walls of a County Antrim primary school.
At least eight people have been killed in a crash involving a "monster truck" at a music festival, officials say.
A former Labour MP has called for an independent review into the party's election campaign.
The number of fire engines in Suffolk could be cut by more than a third, under plans being considered by the county council.
The head of the FBI has told the BBC that it would be "disastrous" if Apple and Google made it easier for police to access personal data.
German Defence Minister Hans-Joachim Schmidt has warned against the use of drones in the fight against terrorism.
Northern Ireland has overtaken the rest of Europe as the world's best performing school system, according to a new study.
Rory McIlroy missed out on the Masters title as Jordan Spieth shot a four-under-par 65 to move into the lead at the halfway stage.
MPs are debating whether the UK should carry out air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Two care workers have been ordered to pay more than £1,000 to a woman who fell from a care home in Birmingham.
The number of babies born with a drug addiction in England has more than halved in the past three years, a BBC investigation has found.
The makers of a new Call the Midwife game have apologised after some players were left with incorrect answers.
Security has been stepped up at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin ahead of the opening game of the men's football tournament.
All animals in the Arctic are sensitive to UV light, according to a new study.
Chinese cinema chain Imax has filed for a listing on the Hong Kong stock exchange.
Two teenage girls who died in a car crash in Aberdeenshire have been named by an inquest into their deaths.
A man has been arrested after a luxury luxury car was seized by police.
Boston Red Sox batsman Joey Gennett has become the first player in Major League Baseball history to hit a hat-trick.
The deputy chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has resigned.
World number one Andy Murray reached the Davis Cup quarter-finals for the first time with a straight-set victory over fellow Briton Daniel Daniel.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in Somalia's capital Mogadishu.
Former England footballer Rio Ferdinand has died at the age of 81.
A 15-year-old girl who went missing from a beach in Devon has been found.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death has been found not to have a mental illness, a court heard.
Peterborough United have sacked head coach Graham Westley after just three games in charge.
The BBC has been given the go-ahead to launch a new UK-wide TV channel.
A pilot has been airlifted to hospital after suffering a head injury during a training flight.
Schools in India are failing to protect children from the dangers of eating meat, experts say.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a pedestrian who was hit by a car in Bristol.
It's one of the most exciting jobs in the world.
More than 1,000 Russian athletes have been found guilty of doping, a report says.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at some of the key stories from the African media.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has been charged with corruption.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has issued a fresh appeal to the public for information about a group of suspected ivory traffickers.
Chinese shares have fallen sharply after a closely watched survey indicated a slowdown in the country's manufacturing sector.
Ulster head coach Jono Gibbes has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has accused the SNP of "betraying" the working class.
Two climbers have been rescued after falling to their deaths on Londonderry Mountain.
Chemicals giant Syngenta has been approved by the US government for a $13bn (£9bn) takeover by China's ChemChina.
A Uzbek man has been arrested on suspicion of carrying out a suicide bombing in the US city of Boston.
Lewis Baldock's second-half equaliser gave Brighton and Hove Albion victory over Wolverhampton Wanderers.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have re-signed defender David Pidgeley on loan until the end of the season.
UKIP's former chairman has called on the party's former leader to step down after the Stoke-on-Trent election.
Celtic's summer transfer window closed at the end of the month.
Venezuela's largest supermarket, Marta, is one of the world's most expensive places to buy food.
A man has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Championship side Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Jordan Davis on a season-long loan deal.
Laura Grabar became the first British woman to win a gold medal at the World Indoor Athletics Championships.
Derek Rogic scored a hat-trick as Celtic beat Aberdeen to win the Scottish Cup for the fourth time in a row.
National League side West Bromwich Albion have signed striker Jack Kettings on a season-long loan deal.
Five of the 13 men accused of carrying out the 2003 London bombings have appeared in court for the first time.
Beyonce has been named as the best female artist at this year's Grammy Awards.
Plans to build a football stadium in Cornwall have been rejected by councillors.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is close to signing a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Dumfries & Galloway have signed former Dundee United striker Jack White on a season-long loan deal.
A World War Two Spitfire has been sold at auction for more than £1m.
Two of the world's biggest companies have announced plans to expand their operations in Scotland.
A baby osprey has hatched at a County Antrim castle for the first time.
A cap on the number of foreign workers allowed to work in the UK has been criticised by MPs.
The AA has warned it faces a "challenging" year as a result of a rise in insurance premiums.
Former Arsenal and Arsenal defender Paul Caley says he loves playing football.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he wants to change the date of Easter to coincide with the end of the month.
Dozens of people have been killed in air strikes by Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say.
It used to be one of the UK's most famous towns.
National League side Stevenage have signed Stevenage defender Alex Caton on a season-long loan deal.
A US appeals court has ruled that President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries is unconstitutional.
Hundreds of people have protested against plans to cut the number of volunteers at libraries in West Yorkshire.
Joey Lee's second-half equaliser earned Sheffield Wednesday victory over Burnley.
Grocery chain Greggs has reported a rise in pre-tax profits for the first half of the year.
Olympic champion Sam Tung won gold in the cross-country dressage at the European Horse Trials in London.
The UK government has set out plans to encourage local communities to buy wind farms.
A man has been charged with the attempted murder of two cats shot in the head during a gun attack.
The Duchy of Cornwall has said it is "deeply concerned" by the death of a man who drowned in a river.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we take a look at some of the most striking things about humpback whales.
The Bank of England has cut its key interest rate for the first time since the Brexit vote.
Chinese state media have reacted angrily to the Supreme Court's ruling that China violated international law in the South China Sea.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index fell to its lowest level in more than two years on Friday, after the US Federal Reserve cut interest rates.
Australia captain Alastair Cook hit a century as his side beat West Indies by eight wickets in the third Test in Melbourne.
More than 1,000 people have been forced to flee their homes in Germany after torrential rain swept through the country.
A woman has been raped at a house in Caerphilly county.
Six teenagers have been arrested after knives and knives were seized during a street fight.
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer and columnist Adaobi Nwaubani looks at the challenges facing the Nigerian cricket team.
The governor of the Bank of England has told the BBC that the UK's interest rates are at an all-time low.
Taiwan's biggest smartphone maker, Foxconn, has reported better-than-expected quarterly profits.
For more than a century, King Henry VIII has been walking the streets of the Welsh town of Holywell.
This weekend, Formula 1's world governing body, Interlagos, will hold its first Grand Prix of the season.
A man has been cleared of raping and sexually assaulting a student at a university.
Plans to close a Carmarthenshire chemical plant have been approved by the UK government.
A search for a place where King Arthur lived is under way for the first time.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has scored more goals than any other player in the Premier League, says manager Claudio Ranieri.
It has been a turbulent year for the Conservative Party in England and Wales.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of failing to deliver on their pledge to cut the top rate of income tax.
Two women have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was assaulted in Essex.
West Indies beat Australia by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20.
UKIP AM Paul Gill has said he does not support Paul Nuttall's bid to become leader of the party.
Channel 4 has launched a self-defence kit to help people who have been duped into believing it is a reality TV show.
The Prison Officers' Association (PTA) has agreed a new pay deal with the government.
A man has written to the National Trust asking it to send him a photograph of his wife.
Ivory Coast's government has banned the use of anti-doping creams, the country's health ministry has said.
The Liberal Democrats and the Liberal Democrats have clashed in the House of Lords over Brexit.
The number of British soldiers killed in coalition air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq has more than doubled, the Ministry of Defence has said.
A hacker who hacked into a security system at Norwich International Airport has been arrested.
Plans for a new railway station in Lancashire have been approved.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was beaten to death with a hammer.
Ukraine's largest medical centre has been hit by a cyber-attack.
Sale Sharks maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a hard-fought victory over Premiership bottom side Wasps.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a bus she was travelling on collided with a bus in Edinburgh.
A South African man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend has been cleared of murder.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Lancashire have been approved by the government.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has sacked the head of the country's consumer protection agency.
Dozens of World War Two Spitfires have been found in Burmese territory, it has emerged.
A man and a woman have been rescued from the top of a mountain in Ceredigion.
The Home Office has suspended a controversial "fast-track" process for asylum seekers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the implications of the UK's new fiscal framework.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff man has been arrested in India.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man whose body was found in woodland.
Fife-based furniture firm Havelockfife has announced plans to expand its operations in the UK.
It's been a year since one of the UK's best-known craft breweries, BrewDog, went bust.
The pound has fallen to a three-month low against the dollar in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend has launched a legal bid to appeal against his conviction.
The body of a British man who died fighting for Kurdish forces in Syria has been flown to Turkey.
A US appeals court has ruled that the US National Security Agency's bulk collection of phone records is lawful.
League Two side West Bromwich Albion have signed defender Matt Lindegaard on a season-long loan deal.
A dog seized from a Devon kennel has been found to be too dangerous to be allowed into the premises, a BBC investigation has found.
Labour should not be "trying to be the party of the people", former MP Alun Umunna has said.
A man died after being hit by a boat while snorkelling, an inquest has heard.
Iraqi Shia militant group Islamic State (IS) has killed more than 100 people in a mass execution in Tikrit, officials say.
A surf-surfing firm has been bought by a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia carded a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Michael Ambrose's second-half equaliser helped Colchester to a 2-1 win over Colchester.
Archaeologists are trying to find out why they built wooden huts at Stonehenge.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets to protest against US President Donald Trump's refusal to release his tax returns.
Carlos Ruiz-Ruiz has agreed to fight Anthony Joshua for the IBF heavyweight title in May.
Mae Cymru wedi dweud wedi cael ei ddydd yn yn ôl ei gynnod.
England captain Dylan Hartley will not play for Toulon this season despite being banned from international rugby for three years.
The father of a US student held in North Korea for 15 years has accused his son of being in a coma.
In a world where so much of the world's attention has been focused on boxing, it is easy to forget the significance of the word "reality".
A Mexican man accused of killing a US agent has been extradited to the United States.
More than 100 Jewish community centres in the US have been hit by bomb threats, the Jewish Community Federation (JCC) has said.
It is easy to see why England are so desperate to win the Six Nations.
Chinese internet giant Baidu has announced plans to develop self-driving cars.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect disruption to services on the East Coast and West Coast as part of a nationwide strike.
A Bangladeshi man has been arrested in connection with a gang rape of a nun, police say.
The Texas House of Representatives has passed a resolution calling for a national flag to be replaced with the Lone Star flag.
The Premier League has signed a new three-year deal with the US TV network NBC Universal.
A major road in Staffordshire is to be closed as part of a major waterworks project.
Turkey has accused Russia of violating its airspace over Syria.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Gregor Townsend says his side are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs.
Plymouth Argyle have signed striker Jordan Posh on loan until the end of the season.
Olympic champion Laura van der van van van denken has been banned from cycling for three years after being found to have a hidden bike.
Conor McGregor is one of the best-known athletes in the world.
Harlequins full-back Sam Ford has been named in England's squad for Saturday's Six Nations match against Australia.
A 16-year-old girl who has a rare form of epilepsy is calling for a drug to be made available in Scotland.
Lichfield have been left out of the Women's Super League by the Rugby Football Union (RFU).
England manager Gareth Ashworth has defended his decision to send young players to the Under-20s for Euro 2016.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he wants to renegotiate trade deals with China and other countries.
A police officer has been praised for helping to deliver a baby girl.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is "disappointed" that Manu Tuilagi has not been offered a new deal.
A woman who falsely claimed she had been raped and sexually assaulted has been jailed for four years.
A man has been jailed for 13 years for raping and sexually abusing girls.
A number of appliances have been destroyed after a fire broke out at a house in Londonderry.
Flooding in parts of Cambridgeshire has left more than 1,000 homes without power.
A Mexican human rights group has called for an independent investigation into the disappearance of more than 100 students in Mexico last year.
The UK has sent more than 1,000 troops to Somalia to fight the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A six-year-old girl who was crushed by a giant inflatable rollercoaster has undergone surgery.
Abby Wambach has announced her retirement from international football.
More than half of women in the world do not breastfeed, a study suggests.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African scrum-half Luke Kebble on a two-year deal.
Widnes Widnes head coach Paul Betts says his side are still in good form despite their poor start to the season.
The Duke of Cambridge has denied allegations that he sexually abused a woman in the 1980s and 1990s.
Chris Pearce's first-half equaliser earned Mansfield victory over York in the National League.
Three people have been arrested after a man was assaulted in a block of flats in Brighton.
A man has been found guilty of having sex with a 15-year-old girl in Dundee.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Borussia Monchengladbach striker Jordan Rhodes for an undisclosed fee.
New temporary temporary classrooms have been installed at a school that was badly damaged in a fire.
Wales head coach Jonny Davies says he would like to see Scarlets players playing in Wales.
World number one Johanna Konta beat Romania's Simona Halep in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the WTA Finals.
A man has described how he was beaten to death by a gang of men who tried to break into his home.
Plans to transform a Denbighshire leisure centre have been given the go-ahead.
The number of child sexual exploitation (CSE) cases in West Yorkshire has more than doubled in the past year, figures show.
A Mexican man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of dozens of undocumented immigrants who were trapped inside a trailer.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at how anorexia has affected the lives of young people in the UK.
A collection of items from the Jamaica Windrush has gone on display in Nottingham for the first time.
The BBC could be forced to cut some of its programmes if it does not comply with government plans, the BBC has said.
A woman has said she was refused a taxi at a Carmarthenshire railway station because she was unable to walk.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has sent a robotic probe to Earth for the first time.
A police officer has been filmed singing karaoke at a Glasgow pub.
Liam Viljoen's first-class century of the season helped South Africa take control of the second day against West Indies at Headingley.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will take legal action against the government over its handling of the Stormont Assembly crisis.
Northamptonshire took control of the second day of their One-Day Cup match against Derbyshire at Headingley.
Police are searching for a missing woman who has been missing for more than a year.
A Wrexham-based advertising firm has been forced to remove an advert featuring a character from a horror film.
Gary Madine's first-half strike gave Sheffield United victory over Bolton Wanderers.
Tens of thousands of Muslims have gathered in Paris to mark the anniversary of the Paris attacks.
The UK and Norway have agreed to increase the size of their cod stocks.
A man and his wife have been rescued after a plane crashed into a pub.
For more than a century, the Swansea Canal has been a vital part of Swansea's economy.
Ireland pair Johnny Sexton and Johnny O'Brien have been ruled out of Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
Household landlords in England and Wales will be able to evict migrants who do not have the right to live in the UK.
The Dutch Liberal Party has sacked its deputy leader, Joachim Opstelten, following a row over a drug trafficker.
Stuart Swanker's late equaliser gave Inverness Caledonian Thistle a 2-1 win over Forfar Athletic.
Plans for a housing development in Caithness have been given the go-ahead.
An outbreak of norovirus has been confirmed at a Cardiff hospital.
For decades, China has been known as the Red Army.
Crocodiles in Australia have been using eggs from their nests for more than 30 years.
More than 1,000 salt gritters have gone on the run for the first time in more than a year.
Technology is changing the way we think about our lives.
A woman whose son died after being stabbed to death in Fife has said she is "devastated" by the death of her partner.
Plans for a new mill in Norfolk have been given the go-ahead.
Dozens of migrants have been moved out of a makeshift migrant camp in the French port city of Calais.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said he has spoken to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about the Gaza conflict.
A police officer has been given powers to search people's homes following a spate of knife attacks.
Plans to merge some of Wales' largest councils have been published by the Welsh government.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $1.1bn (£1.2bn) in a deal that would create the world's largest cable TV network.
A former student who was sexually abused at a school in Scotland has called for an independent inquiry into child sexual abuse.
A Russian biker group has cancelled plans to travel to Poland to mark the end of World War Two.
Hashim Amla has resigned as South Africa captain for the second Test against England.
Australia's economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
The cuckoo is one of the most important birds of prey in the world.
Formula 1 driver Fernando Perez has signed a new two-year deal with Force India.
A mother has won a legal challenge to a council's decision not to allow her son to attend school.
England's Paul Donaldson shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the European Tour Championship in Malmo.
A campaign to open a clinic for victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) has been launched in Cardiff.
Scientists say they have discovered a new type of thermoset that can be made from plastic.
The UK needs to do more to encourage more young people to start businesses, according to the chief executive of Silicon Valley.
A Scottish whisky distillery has opened in the Borders.
One of Nottinghamshire's most famous factories has been destroyed in a fire.
The average life expectancy of men in England and Wales is at its lowest since records began in 1910, according to new research.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with hazing a student at a Michigan college.
Norway's parliament has rejected a proposal to change the border between Finland and Finland.
The Scottish economy is expected to grow at its slowest pace since 2008, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he had no intention of becoming the next US secretary of state.
A football club has been asked to take a selfie with a bride before her wedding.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in West Midlands.
A group of Dorset and Dorset soldiers has raised more than £10,000 for a memorial to those killed in the Second World War.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the leader of the Burmese army, has told the BBC that the country's democracy is in crisis.
A man has been found guilty of robbing a woman at knifepoint.
Black and minority police officers in England and Wales are being unfairly disciplined, according to the Association of Chief Police Officers.
More than 1,000 gold and silver coins have been discovered in County Armagh.
The family of a 13-year-old girl who drowned on a beach in Northumberland have paid tribute to her.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Thailand.
A woman has been jailed for life after being found guilty of stabbing her boyfriend to death at a London casino.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Manchester United have announced their squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Scotland's first minister Alex Salmond has said he is proud to be a member of Holyrood.
Three US hospitals have been shut down after being hit by a ransomware attack.
For the first time, we're celebrating the end of the year.
Former Fifa president Sepp Blatter should step down, David Cameron has said.
A Spanish restaurant has been robbed of more than Â£10,000 (£9,000) in a stampede, its owner has said.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has more than doubled in a year, according to new figures.
Nico Ocon has signed a new two-year contract with Manor.
Staff at a dementia care home have been described as "inadequate" and "unacceptable" by a health watchdog.
It's the time of year when you're trying to communicate with your pet dog.
Three men have been found guilty of the murder of a drug dealer in Mold.
League Two side Blackburn Rovers have been handed a four-match ban by the Football Association.
National League side Warrington Rovers have signed winger Ben Jefford on a two-year deal.
Cardiff City came from behind to beat Bristol Rovers and reach the quarter-finals of the Championship.
James Voges and James Malan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Middlesex by eight wickets in the County Championship.
The mother of a three-year-old boy with anaphylaxis has said she fears she could lose her baby's milk.
It's easy to get smeared on your hands.
A Cardiff woman who has been trying to find a stem cell donor for more than a year has raised more than £10,000.
A three-year-old girl with a broken leg has had her leg amputated for the first time.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Dundee.
A man has died after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Fife.
League Two side Gateshead have re-signed former Gateshead defender Matt Smith on a two-year deal.
For decades, women in Liverpool have been subjected to the same kind of sexist and misogynistic stereotypes as men.
A woman who died after undergoing brain surgery in Nottingham could have been saved, a coroner has said.
Michael Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA).
England head coach Trevor Bayliss says he does not think his side are good enough to compete in the World Twenty20.
Celtic manager Ian Cathro says he has no concerns about Jamie Walker's future at the club.
Michael Wright beat Michael van Gerwen to reach the semi-finals of the World Darts Championship.
Northern Ireland's political parties are united in their opposition to the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
Jamie Greer says he is ready to play for Scotland again.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the UK's political parties.
Former Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 83.
The number of new council homes in Scotland has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Lord Heseltine has said Boris Johnson's comments about the UK's membership of the European Union are "outrageous".
Police have released CCTV images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault in Glasgow.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans to cut children's centres in Oxfordshire.
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Everton at Selhurst Park.
Teachers have been awarded more than £100,000 in compensation after a chair fell on them.
The US President Barack Obama has called for a "transatlantic free trade agreement" with the European Union.
Bristol head coach Steve Borthwick's sacking has been "a nightmare" for the club, says former British and Irish Lions scrum-half Steve Robinson.
Germany's economy shrank by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A survivor of the Kent Air Ambulance's helicopter crash has been named the Red Cross of the Year.
The chairman of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), Lord Myners, has called for more powers to tackle corporate governance.
A giant gorilla has been unveiled as part of a £1m project to transform the world's largest steelworks into a world-class circus.
France's far-right presidential candidate, Marine Le Pen, has met Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Elysee Palace.
Labour and the Liberal Democrats have pledged to increase the number of apprenticeships in Wales.
Vodafone has said it has no plans to move its headquarters to the UK after the country voted to leave the European Union.
A paedophile who posted indecent images of children online has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Police in Northern Ireland have apologised to a woman who had to be searched for a man in a garden in Londonderry.
World number one Novak Djokovic and world number one Karolina Pliskova reached the semi-finals of the French Open.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland said his side were "disappointed" by their defeat by South Africa in the World Cup quarter-finals.
Plans for a new runway at Gatwick Airport have been approved by the government.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Dutch defender Victor Pedro on a season-long loan deal.
Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson has long been regarded as one of the most powerful figures in British politics.
League Two side Crewe Alexandra have signed striker Alex Lowe on loan until the end of the season.
A British tourist has been deported to Malaysia after being found guilty of indecently assaulting a group of tourists.
Ethiopia is one of the world's poorest countries.
In the Turkish town of Kobane, the family of a Kurdish soldier who was killed in a bomb attack on a Turkish military base last year says they have no idea what happened to him.
A Lincolnshire airmen's memorial has been vandalised.
The sale of Northampton Town Football Club has been approved by Northampton Borough Council.
Hong Kong shares have fallen for the second day in a row, extending a three-day losing streak.
Labour's front bench has been reshuffled for the first time since Jeremy Corbyn took over as leader.
The price of Premier League tickets has fallen for the first time in more than a decade.
Indian cricketer Jadeja has been fined $10,000 for posing with lions in a national park.
A prisoner has been found dead in his cell.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on TV has increased in the last five years, a report has found.
Prime Minister Nick Clegg has accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of using "ludicrous language" to describe schools as "lunacy".
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in the Tower Hamlets mayoral election.
The Olympic Stadium in London is home to the world's most famous handball team.
Salford Red Devils scrum-half Sam Chase says he is in a "good place" despite being diagnosed with mental health issues.
Olympic gold medallist Rooney says he hopes to compete at the Diamond League Anniversary Games in Beijing next year.
People in Italy and the rest of the world are more likely to drink coffee, a study suggests.
Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej has been formally installed as the country's new king.
Arlene Foster has withdrawn from the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) leadership race.
Cardiff is "the best place in the world" to raise a baby, according to actress Jessica Jones.
The head of the Church of Ireland has said he does not support same-sex marriage.
A man has been found dead at a house in Oxfordshire.
A Chinese company has been fined $1.5m (£1.2m) by the US for illegally coating a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.
The director of the new Ghostbusters movie has confirmed that it will be a reboot of the franchise.
Rail passengers travelling between Bristol and London are being warned to expect delays as part of a series of major improvements.
Thousands of people have taken part in a pro-independence rally in the Spanish region of Catalonia.
Prince Harry has visited a children's orphanage in a bid to raise money for the fight against HIV/Aids.
Taxi-booking services in Singapore have been banned by the city's transport authority.
Chris Woakes and James Anderson have been named in England's squad for the first Test against South Africa in Durban.
A dog who was shot in the head by a police officer has been reunited with his handler.
A woman has died following a fire at a house in Aberdeenshire.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of New York City to protest against the shooting of a black man.
The leader of Lesotho's main opposition party has said he will not return to the capital, Maseru.
Armed intruders have broken into the office of a Plaid Cymru AM.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a walk through the Lake District to protest against the closure of power pylons.
Vietnamese soldiers have been celebrating the 70th anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War.
A curfew in the US city of Baltimore has been lifted.
Dundee United have signed former Motherwell defender Matt Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Nottingham Forest suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Nottingham Forest.
Lancashire all-rounder Alviro Petersen hit his first first-class century of the season against Nottinghamshire at Lord's.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday after the FBI said it had found evidence of Russian meddling in the US election.
David Cameron has defended his decision to leave the European Union.
The UK's longest-serving athlete, Lord Coe, has died at the age of 83.
York Rovers have signed former Forest Green Rovers defender David Jamjo on loan until the end of the season.
Sunderland midfielder Emmanuel Eboue has been banned from football for two years after being found guilty of child sex offences.
A man accused of trying to murder a former editor of the Glasgow Herald has told a court he thought he was being attacked by two men.
French carmaker Vauxhall is recalling more than 1,000 of its models after a fire broke out in the engine compartment.
In our series of letters from African journalists, African-American writer and writer Elizabeth O'Brien considers how the US Republican Party is run.
A new martial arts school has opened in Cheltenham.
A man has died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway in Southampton.
Oil giant Shell has been granted permission to drill for oil in the Chukchi Sea.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a student at a hotel in Bristol.
Oscar Pistorius, the world's most decorated athlete, has been arrested in South Africa on suspicion of murder.
Tens of thousands of websites in Turkey have been blocked by the Turkish government, according to a monitoring group.
Borussia Monchengladbach striker Diego Costa has signed a new three-year contract with the Spanish club.
Rugby is one of the most popular sports in the world.
Islamic State (IS) militants have seized a key part of the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, activists say.
Workers at the Co-op have apologised after a sign was painted with the wrong spelling.
Bath will face Leicester Tigers for the first time in more than 50 years on Saturday.
Businesses in Nottingham are being forced to pay for parking at the city's main arena.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says Rafael Benitez should be allowed to control the club's finances.
Celtic striker Callum Roberts has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Aberystwyth University has been given the go-ahead to transform its historic building into a "cultural centre".
Councils in England and Wales are to introduce mandatory voter ID in a bid to tackle voter fraud.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Matt Mullaney hit a century as his side took control on day two against Nottinghamshire at Taunton.
The family of a terminally ill man who took his own life at a clinic in Switzerland have said they are "devastated" by his death.
A petition calling for a ban on horse riding in Wales has been submitted to the Welsh Assembly.
A short novel about the Falklands War has been named the best book of the year by the Royal College of Art.
Universities in England and Wales are to cut the amount of support they provide to disabled students.
A British author has said he was "disgusted" when he was asked to cover up the names of some of his favourite shops.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Conor Stander says his side will do everything they can to help Conor Murray in Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final.
Women with breast cancer are to undergo weight-loss trials for the first time.
Germany reached the Confederations Cup quarter-finals for the first time with a comfortable victory over Mexico.
Comedian Jimmy Izzard has completed a marathon to raise money for a charity set up to help former South African President Nelson Mandela.
Norwich City manager Paul Neil says his side's poor start to the season could have been avoided if they had scored more goals.
Crotone suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw at Empoli.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a new film based on the best-selling novel The Dark Knight Rises.
Nigeria's economy has contracted for the third month in a row, according to official figures.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in the price of oil and gas.
It has been described as one of Britain's greatest humanitarian efforts.
Prison violence in England and Wales has reached an all-time high, according to new figures.
Prince George has been given his first gold coin, the Royal Mint has announced.
The Great North Exhibition is to open in Newcastle, Gateshead and Gateshead later this year.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man found stabbed to death in a Dublin flat.
Juventus extended their lead at the top of Serie A to seven points with victory over Crotone.
Newcastle United maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Barnsley.
Three men have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton.
When I first heard the idea of a Scottish independence referendum, I wasn't sure what to make of it.
Glasgow-based property firm Barratt Barratt has announced plans for two new developments in the East of Scotland.
Paralympic gold medallist Kat Page has become the first British woman to win a gold medal in the men's quadruple sculls.
Jamie Vardy scored a hat-trick as Leicester beat Liverpool to reach the Premier League play-off quarter-finals.
Tens of thousands of "witches" have been carved into the walls of historic buildings to warn people of the dangers of witchcraft.
Dozens of people have been searching for the remains of a collapsed power station tower in Didcot, County Down.
Planning permission has been granted for a cross-Solent ferry service to the Isle of Wight.
The number of yachts visiting Guernsey has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade.
The co-founder of Titanic Belfast has said he wants to see more people visiting the Belfast International Exhibition and Conference Centre.
A man who admitted killing a man in Sussex has been released from a mental health unit.
The former chief constable of Northumbria Police has announced she is retiring.
Barnet maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with victory at Hartlepool.
Sunderland midfielder Andreas Klinghoffer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Bayer Leverkusen striker Karim Harnik has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Michel Montanier says the Europa League semi-finals will be crucial for the club.
A light aircraft has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport.
Tens of thousands of ceramic poppies have been unveiled at a Yorkshire nature reserve.
Germany's Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first footballer to come out as gay.
The PSNI has launched an investigation into claims by former members of a paramilitary unit that shot dead members of the IRA.
A curfew has been imposed in a seaside town in Anglesey.
A former world heavyweight champion has been found guilty of assaulting a woman at her home.
The US says it has confirmed the release of Swedish pastor Kenneth Bae, who has been held in a North Korean labour camp for more than two years.
Two of Blackpool's most famous piers have gone up for sale.
South Africa have confirmed the appointment of former England and South Africa coach David Domingo as their new head coach.
Some of the UK's biggest internet providers have not responded to a report into the TalkTalk hack, a security expert has said.
Online gambling companies have been fined £1.5m by the UK's gambling watchdog for failing to protect customers' money.
A teenager who died after suffering from depression has been named as Lil Lil, an inquest has heard.
Northern Ireland's performance in their Euro 2016 qualifier against Poland was not good enough.
Electrical stimulation can make people better at maths, say researchers.
A student who died after being hit by a car in Leeds has been named by police.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has revealed details of its Prism surveillance programme.
Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy says he is not feeling well enough to play in the Dubai Desert Classic.
Warwickshire batsman Adam Bell has announced his retirement from international cricket.
A French policewoman has accused the interior minister of failing to investigate the Nice terror attack.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton said he was "lucky" to win the Hungarian Grand Prix for the first time in his career.
Ugandan opposition leader Yoweri Museveni has said he will not stand for re-election.
A Cardiff man has said he fears he could be bitten by a spider that has invaded his home.
Northern Ireland's largest bank, Ulster Bank, has reported a pre-tax loss of £1.5m for the first half of the year.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in a street in west Belfast.
A Nobel Prize-winning scientist has apologised for comments he made about female scientists.
The number of people seeking help for social care in England has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, figures show.
The co-pilot of a plane that crashed in Colombia last year has told the BBC that she did not know that the plane had run out of fuel.
Three men have been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a Chinese woman in a McDonald's restaurant.
Taylor Swift has been embroiled in a long-running feud with pop star Kanye West.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a minute's silence in Cardiff to remember the victims of the Paris attacks.
Chesterfield boss Paul Turner has left the League Two club at the end of the season.
The Welsh government has been accused of failing to publish its annual accounts.
The Scottish government has pledged more than £1m to help fund a new studio in Aberdeen.
Prue Leith has announced she is to step down as judge of The Great British Bake Off.
Uganda's Abdallah El Said scored twice as Egypt reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations.
Dog owners in Oxford could face fines of up to £10,000 if they fail to clean up after their pets.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe reflects on the challenges facing his country.
The former offices of Stafford College have been closed to the public as part of plans to save the building.
Volunteers are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami in Greenland.
A man has died and a woman has been seriously injured in a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry.
Theresa May has met US President-elect Donald Trump for the first time.
The FBI has asked the US state department to change the classification of a private email used by Hillary Clinton, according to newly released documents.
London is the world's most expensive city to travel, according to a new study.
Gillingham head coach Paul Pennock says he is "very happy" with the club's new-look squad.
Lionsgate has launched a video-streaming service for the Steam virtual reality platform.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has escaped from a prison in the northern state of Quintana Roo, officials say.
Plans for a new high school in Wick have been put on hold.
Small businesses in England and Wales are to be forced to pay more in VAT if they do not comply with new rules.
The head of the National Union of Teachers (NUT) has called on the government to make vocational subjects part of its curriculum.
Plans to build a new naval base in Portsmouth have been approved.
Police are searching for a man who has been missing for more than a week.
Wildlife experts are warning people to be aware of the dangers of a rare shark found on the Welsh coast.
A volcano in Hawaii has erupted, spewing lava into the sky.
The Republic of Ireland's finance minister has been granted a judicial injunction preventing him from speaking in the Dáil.
Colombia's Sergio Henao has withdrawn from the Tour de France after being found guilty of doping.
The US says it is seeking the release of a Czech man who was kidnapped in Syria last year.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has criticised the handling of the murder of Pat Finucane.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle chairman Paul Wishart has called for an end to the problem of match-fixing.
A Chicago police officer has been cleared of wrongdoing over the fatal shooting of a black teenager last year.
The publisher of the Independent has announced plans to close its print edition.
Torquay United have parted company with defender Matt Byrne following his departure from the club.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Northern Ireland looks at why plastic fivers are so popular in Northern Ireland.
A British backpacker who has been searching for more than a year for a missing Australian man has told the BBC he has no idea how long he has been lost.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side's poor start to the season is a "massive problem" for the Premier League.
Syrian government forces have retaken the last rebel-held town of Khalidiya in Homs province, state media report.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was racially abused at Heathrow Airport, police have said.
A prominent opposition leader in Abkhazia has fled to neighbouring Russia, amid growing tensions over the country's economic growth.
The Indian Railways (RMT) has apologised to a woman who was caught up in a crisis in India's capital, Mumbai.
A video by Kasabian has been criticised by a mental health charity after it appeared to use the word "psychedelic".
Premier League clubs have reacted angrily to claims by the Sunday Times that they were involved in doping.
Campaigners calling for a regional mayor to be elected to Cardiff have said they have "no idea" how many people have signed up to the campaign.
A seaside seaside town has announced plans to close two of its naval sites.
Nigeria's military says it has recaptured more than 100 girls from a boarding school in north-eastern Borno state.
Six men have been arrested in connection with the seizure of a tobacco factory in Birmingham.
Surrey's police force has been criticised for failing to tackle organised crime.
The global version of the BBC iPlayer will not be available on the iPlayer, the corporation has confirmed.
A cholera-era funeral centre has been listed for the first time.
A cartoon depicting Donald Trump as a Nazi sympathiser has been put on display in Iran.
Bernie Sanders has become the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination for president of the United States.
League Two side Albion Rovers were held to a goalless draw by fellow strugglers West Bromwich Albion.
League Two side Stevenage have signed defender Ryan Keane on loan until the end of the season.
Police are appealing for information after a burglary at a farmhouse in Fife left a woman with serious injuries.
The Scottish government has said it is "deeply saddened" by the "horrific" accident involving a lorry in Glasgow.
England beat New Zealand to reach the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
The M4 has been closed for more than two hours following a crash involving a car and a lorry.
The Serpentine Gallery in London has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Northern Ireland's first minister has said he is "very encouraged" by the progress made in talks with Sinn Féin over devolution.
A Scottish engineering firm has been awarded more than £1m in funding to expand its operations in the Highlands.
The family of a 90-year-old woman who was found stabbed to death in her home have paid tribute to her.
Tens of thousands of people in Chile have been forced to flee their homes as a huge fire continues to burn.
The US has condemned Israel's decision to build new settlements in the occupied West Bank.
The parents of two children who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State militants have been found not guilty of terrorism offences, a judge has ruled.
A statue has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the Unite union strike in the Black Country.
Kenya's Muslim community has urged young people to return to the country, a report says.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry in County Tyrone.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay.
Two boys have been arrested on suspicion of sharing indecent images of children online.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to a minimum of 45 years in prison for killing a fellow soldier.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has announced plans to invest more than £1bn in its UK plant.
The number of people playing football in Wales is at an all-time low, the chief executive of a leading charity has said.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) party leader has announced she is stepping down.
Anthony Blackwell's brother has offered to give him a world heavyweight belt after he lost his world title to Anthony Eubank Jr.
A couple in the US state of Alaska have spoken of their shock after a police error led to the death of their son.
League Two side QPR have signed former Swindon Town midfielder Mark Hughes on a season-long loan deal.
Scotland's Supreme Court has ruled that the UK government has no legal right to trigger Article 50 of the European Union.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Coleraine.
The family of murdered IRA agent Gerry Donaldson have said they are "disappointed" by claims that he was murdered by the police.
A plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the liberation of a German prisoner of war camp.
A "suspicious" device has been found on a motorway in Londonderry.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg set the pace in the first practice session of the Singapore Grand Prix.
A Pembrokeshire children's nursery has been evacuated after a man tried to break into it.
Household goods retailer Kingfisher has agreed a deal to sell its B&Q business in China.
Canada has said it will not sign a free trade deal with the European Union after it failed to reach a deal with Wallonia.
Survivors of the Merthyr Tydfil school disaster have gathered in Cardiff to mark the 50th anniversary of the disaster.
The Irish National will be held on Saturday, with the winner of the last race of the season, the Grand National, expected to be the biggest in the country.
Anthony McKenzie has signed a new two-year deal to fight former world champion John Clinton.
A loggerhead sea turtle has been photographed with plastic bags in a North Lanarkshire lake.
A man has been found dead in a block of flats in Oxford.
A majority of people in Nottingham have voted to leave the European Union.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma beat Bologna 3-1 to move up to third in Serie A.
The Scottish government's decision to grant a £1m grant to a music festival has been upheld by Audit Scotland.
Anthony Joshua has the "best physique" in the world, according to former world heavyweight champion Michael Harrison.
The death of Tamil Nadu's chief minister, Jayalalitha Natarajan, has left the state reeling.
Human remains have been found at a motorway junction, police have said.
Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on a military base, officials say.
It's been a remarkable year for the British tennis team.
In the centre of the Serbian capital, Belgrade, is an asylum centre.
Kilmarnock have appointed former Dundee United and Hamilton Academical head coach Gary Houston as their new manager.
A man has died after his boat capsized off the coast of Cornwall.
Michael Johnston scored a hat-trick as Kilcoo reached the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship with a hard-fought victory over Linfield.
Wales triathlete Helen Jenkins says she wants to compete for Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny has been sworn in as the new leader of the Republic of Ireland.
A second inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington has been postponed.
One of the world's most powerful rocket engines, the Vulcan, has been given the go-ahead by the US government.
One of the biggest names in hip-hop has died in New York, US rapper Drake has confirmed.
League Two side Rotherham United are investigating claims that striker Diafra Diouf was in the club's dressing room at the end of last season.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes is confident his side can beat Maribor in the Europa League semi-finals.
World number one Henrik Stenson and world number one Jordan Spieth will play in the first round of the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine.
A shortage of high-quality office space in Belfast has led to a rise in rents, according to property agents.
At the time of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster, many people thought it was the worst accident in the history of the world.
A police helicopter has been shot in the face by a laser beam from a laser pointer.
An artificial intelligence system that can read human lips has been developed by Oxford University researchers.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said that the UK is ready to leave the European Union.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to control the spread of invasive cane toads.
Pakistan captain Waqar Afridi says he does not believe the International Cricket Council (ICC) is investigating a match-fixing scandal.
Google has cut the length of its 30-second video adverts.
Tranmere Rovers have been named in Wales' squad for their Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium.
Customers in Northern Ireland have been told they will not be able to eat a cake made by a Muslim baker because it does not comply with a religious freedom order.
A former world record holder has said she is "devastated" by plans to change the rules governing world athletics.
A father accused of forcing his son to work as a child labourer has told a court he was paid more than £1,000 to work for him.
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash in west Belfast.
Former world champions have been inducted into the World Rugby Hall of Fame.
A former soldier has been appointed as the new head of the Royal Military College at Sandhurst.
Police are investigating a robbery at a jewellers in which jewellery worth more than £1m was stolen.
Chris Robson's second-wicket partnership of the season helped Middlesex beat Yorkshire by eight wickets at Lord's.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a woman was punched in the face with a laser pen in Inverness.
A man accused of murdering his four-year-old son has told a court he has a "desperately psychotic" personality.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in May, according to official figures.
Reading defender Michael McAnuff has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
The number of people in the world taking part in physical activity has reached a record high, according to a study.
NHS Direct has said it will stop running its 111 service in parts of England for the rest of the year.
Plans for a new law centre in Inverness have been unveiled.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade has a "great understanding" of the club's financial situation, according to Cardiff City's director of football, Russell Dalman.
One of the UK's biggest companies, Next, has been found guilty of tax evasion.
London's Wolfpack Museum has been named as the winner of this year's British Film Awards.
A police officer who saved the life of murdered MP Jo Cox has been awarded the Victoria Cross.
A Paralympic gold medallist has revealed he has a tumour in his spine.
The investigation into the Manchester terror attack has now reached its climax.
Guy Martin has withdrawn from the Dundee Grand Prix because of "personal reasons".
At the end of last week's attack by Islamist militant group al-Shabab in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, one of the country's most northerly towns, Garissa, was gripped by a sense of dread.
The price of carbon dioxide has fallen to an all-time low in the European Union.
Ghana's transport ministry has been fined $1m (Â£1m) after a company paid more than Â£2m for a luxury coach.
French police have arrested a man suspected of trying to join the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
The Hillsborough inquests have been held into the deaths of more than 1,000 football fans.
The father of one of the Disappeared has died at the age of 83.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been put on hold.
A three-year-old boy has been diagnosed with a rare form of throat cancer.
Malaysia's capital, Kuala Lumpur, has suspended a concert by pop star Jennifer Badu because of her tattoos.
A rare sea turtle that washed up on a beach in Cumbria has died.
It's been a busy year for the England women's cricket team.
Wigan Warriors full-back Sam Tomkins has signed a new two-year deal with Premiership side Saracens.
League Two side Barnet have signed defender Alex Wildsmith on a season-long loan deal.
Cumbria United head coach Paul Cox says he does not want his son to play in the Football League.
Joe Procter's first-class century of the season helped Lancashire beat Hampshire by eight wickets at Old Trafford.
England head coach Chris Hartley says his side are "not good enough" to beat Australia in the World Cup.
A panda has been born at a Hong Kong wildlife park for the first time.
Dozens of people have been killed in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital, Bucharest.
A woman has pleaded guilty to the murder of a man who was found stabbed to death at a house.
A mental health trust has been ordered to pay more than £1m to the family of a six-year-old girl who died after having an operation.
A six-year-old boy who was sexually abused by his father has been placed in a care home, a judge has ruled.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death by a police officer have won a High Court appeal against the decision.
Facebook has been criticised in Belgium for failing to comply with EU privacy laws.
Downton Abbey has been renewed for a third series.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said he has no intention of staying in Downing Street, despite a row between Philip Hammond and Theresa May.
The Welsh Health and Social Care Commission (CHC) has been criticised for not doing enough to improve the quality of care for patients.
The US TV series Vinyl has been cancelled.
Children in Northern Ireland are more likely to have suicidal thoughts, according to Childline.
Plans for a new lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved.
Swimmer Michael Phelps has become the first American to win a gold medal in the men's 100m butterfly at the World Championships in Texas.
Lyon striker Maxime Gonalons is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a broken leg in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Metz.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a two-vehicle crash on the M4.
A bill to make it legal for terminally ill people to take their own lives has been approved by MSPs.
Tens of thousands of Baltimore Orioles fans have been allowed to watch their team's game against Baltimore Orioles at Camden Yards.
A growing number of countries in the world are introducing gender-neutral versions of their gender identities.
Swiss business leaders have called for a referendum on whether the country should remain a member of the European Union.
A dual carriageway in Caerphilly county has been closed following a crash involving a lorry.
Scottish shipbuilder Ferguson Shipbuilding has been sold to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
Port Talbot is one of Scotland's most remote towns.
A man has been jailed for four years for kicking a Muslim girl and shouting homophobic abuse at her.
The number of older prisoners in England and Wales is at its highest level for more than a decade, according to a report by the National Trust for Older People.
A man has been charged with assaulting a pharmacy worker in Belfast.
Dozens of people are still missing after a powerful earthquake struck Aceh province, officials say.
Antrim boosted their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Irish Football League with a 2-1 victory over Louth.
Six people have been charged with air pollution in Paris over the past three years, a lawyer has said.
Germany reached the semi-finals of the Women's World Cup for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Denmark.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe homosexuality is a sin.
Facebook has been ordered by the European Court of Justice (ECJ) to halt transfers of data to the US.
Birmingham City defender Rob Robinson has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Bournemouth Fire and Rescue Service (B&Q) has warned people not to use insecticide in their homes.
More than 1,000 trees have been destroyed in forest fires in Poland, the country's forest protection agency has said.
The Department of Education (DEL) has said it will not make any further redundancies in the education sector.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved to within three points of leaders Arbroath at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Sinn Féin has said it is "disappointing" that documents relating to its investigation into the murder of a police officer in Londonderry are missing.
Councils should be given the power to sponsor failing schools, a group of local authorities has said.
Taking statins could prevent heart attacks and strokes, according to a new study.
Astronauts from the European Space Agency (ESA) have successfully completed their mission to the International Space Station.
Romania reached the semi-finals of the men's foil at the World Championships in London.
The UK will become the first country in the world to introduce a tax on diesel cars, the government has announced.
Dundee United manager Derek McCann says he wants to have a database of all the players he has signed.
World Anti-Doping Agency chief Thomas Bach has said he has no regrets about the decision to ban Russian athletes from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales scrum-half John Faull has died at the age of 90.
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer and columnist Anupam Kher considers whether the rise of Dalit-owned businesses in India is a sign of progress.
World number one Tiger Woods has ruled out playing golf again this year because of a back injury.
A woman has spoken of her shock after a man was shot in the head in a street in Londonderry.
A former co-founder of the so-called Silk Road website has been arrested in Thailand.
Plymouth Argyle suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Mansfield.
In our series of letters from the BBC Sports Personality of the Year, we look at some of the highlights from this year's World Sevens Series.
Hibernian boss Neil Lennon says he will not be leaving the club until the end of the season.
A man has died after a bin lorry crashed into a tree.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Morrison says his side must improve if they are to avoid relegation from the Championship next season.
Zambia coach Paul Chambeshi says his team's morale is high ahead of their World Cup semi-final against Germany.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has imposed sanctions on the US and other countries ahead of the country's presidential election.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has cancelled a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Kremlin says.
More than 1,000 Roma people have been evicted from a railway station in the French capital, Paris.
A pier has been closed for more than a year as part of a campaign to save it.
The family of a teenager who died when he was hit by a car have raised more than £1,000 for a new woodland centre.
A garden dedicated to the late rock star Syd Barrett has been unveiled in Cambridgeshire.
Filipino presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has posted a video showing a woman being raped by a missionary in the Philippines.
Former Prime Minister Sir John Major has called for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
A photographer has been crowned the winner of a photography competition in Bristol.
The number of complaints about exam grades has more than doubled in a year, official figures show.
Boeing has reported a sharp drop in quarterly profits as it continues to cut its fleet of commercial aircraft.
Olympic gold medallist John Cassells and Ireland's John Scrimrimsells won gold in the men's double sculls at the European Championships in Italy.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in the second Test in Bangalore to take a commanding lead in the one-day series.
Online courses could soon be available online, the head of the world's largest online education company has said.
Double Double Shuffle has won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career.
The number of Travellers living in the Republic of Ireland has increased significantly since the end of the Troubles, a study suggests.
Work is under way on a bypass which could lead to the closure of a major bypass in Inverclyde.
A man has been charged with murder after the bodies of two women were found at a house in Dundee.
Britain's Tom Benson won the men's triathlon at the European Para-athletics Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
The Victoria and Albert Museum in London is to re-open to the public for the first time.
Habitat restoration work has been carried out on a river in Lancashire.
The French airline Aeroflot has been ordered to cancel a flight from Yemen to the French island of Comoros.
The governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jindal, has told the BBC that the Republican Party is "not a conservative party".
Orlando City Women have signed Brazil international Marta, who has been named the World Women's Player of the Year.
Scottish Labour leader Jim Murray has been elected to the Scottish Parliament for the first time.
Catalans Dragons have appointed former Catalans Dragons head coach Paul Frussi as their new head coach.
Prince Charles and his wife, Gabriella, have given birth to their first child.
A new NHS maternity clinic is to be set up in Glasgow to help women who have experienced sexual assault.
Northern Ireland's Mark Smyth and Michael Smyth both missed out on medals at the European Championships after failing to qualify for the men's 400m final.
Dozens of weapons have been seized during an anti-racism protest in Kent.
Tax evasion should be made a criminal offence, the Liberal Democrats have said.
South Africa's finance minister, Pravin Gordhan, has said the country's economy is in crisis.
The leader of the UK Independence Party has called for Nigel Farage to step down.
A collection of art from the Wedgwood collection has been put up for sale.
Saudi Arabia is one of the world's richest countries.
A record number of children were bullied online last year, a charity has said.
A 13-year-old girl has been raped in a car in Hertfordshire.
The mother of two cygnets who died after being hit by a car has said she is "devastated" by the sight of them.
A block of flats in a Cornish town has been bought by a supermarket chain.
Schools in England need to do more to encourage young people to take part in sport, the prime minister has said.
The number of sexually transmitted diseases (STIs) in England has increased by more than a third in a decade, figures show.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Vuelta a Espana for the third year in a row after a rider was killed in a crash.
A 16-year-old boy who was beaten to death by a gang of bullies in Romford has said he is "shocked" by the video.
More than half of people in Wales say they have never heard of co-operative housing, a study suggests.
An air traffic control firm says it expects to see a record number of flights in the UK this summer.
Computer giant Hewlett-Packard has announced plans to cut more than 1,000 jobs in the US.
Partick Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Motherwell.
The number of patients waiting at A&E departments in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman shot dead in Oxford.
The founder of the world's leading classical orchestra, Christopher Hobwood, has died at the age of 83.
A three-week-old cub has been born at a zoo in Turkey.
Chancellor George Osborne has met German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the UK's future relationship with the EU.
An Australian mining company has been fined $1m (£1m) for destroying a sacred site in the Australian state of Darwin.
Black Friday is the biggest shopping day of the year so far.
A transgender woman has become the first transgender person to be appointed a police officer in India.
The Gaelic Football Association (GAA) should abolish the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship from 2017, according to a draft document.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the A74 in Londonderry.
A prosthetic limb that can be used to help amputees is being developed in the US.
Celtic's failure to reach the Champions League quarter-finals is a "disgrace", according to former striker Florian Lustig.
Manchester City's Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu is one of the most important games in the club's history.
Wrexham have appointed former Wrexham boss Paul Morrell as their new manager.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire, we take a look at some of the UK's best-known fashion brands.
Ministers have been criticised for failing to train civil servants to deal with a border dispute.
Paralympic gold medallist Yvonne Cheruiyot won the women's 4x100m relay at the Rio Olympics in Rio.
The bodies of two men who died at a digger firm in north London have been found.
The United States and the European Union have called for air strikes on rebel-held areas in Syria to be stopped.
The number of elite firms in the UK is at its lowest level for decades, a report says.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed striker Darren Darren on loan until the end of the season.
Former world champion Lance Armstrong has filed a lawsuit against the US government.
A new partnership is being set up to help people with rare diseases.
Two teenage girls accused of stabbing a 13-year-old girl to death in Wisconsin have had their case against them dropped.
The US Supreme Court has given the go-ahead for the first phase of the controversial Dakota Access pipeline.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's Fidesz party is in the midst of its biggest ever election campaign.
Two men have been charged with theft from a supermarket.
A young prince has been rescued from a beach in the Danish capital, Copenhagen.
In our series of letters from the Vote Leave campaign, we've been trying to find out what the EU's policy on bananas is.
Two years ago, a student at a university in India's capital, Delhi, set out to become the first person to build an artificial intelligence-powered robot.
Somalia's Islamist militant group al-Shabab has said it has killed at least 30 people in a US air strike.
A stained glass window has been damaged during World War Two.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Birmingham.
All primary school pupils in England will have to pass a "screen-screen test" to improve their GCSE results.
Olympic gold medallist Adam Smith has been suspended by the British Gymnastics Association after a video was posted online.
A group of disabled people has lost a legal challenge against the government's decision to close the National Disability Fund (ILF).
One of the world's largest human rights organisations, G4S, has reported a sharp fall in profits.
Tens of thousands of Venezuelans have protested in cities across the country against the government of President Nicolas Maduro.
Aircraft maker Airbus has cut the number of orders for its A380 superjumbo jets by more than a third.
The chief executive of one of the UK's biggest companies has said the UK should leave the European Union.
A high-rise in the southern Indian city of Mumbai has collapsed, killing at least eight people, officials say.
BlackRock, the world's biggest investment bank, has announced that it will cut more than 1,000 jobs in the US.
When David Dwyer was a teenager, he wanted to become a professional footballer.
The head of Russia's athletics federation has said he does not believe the country will be able to compete at Rio 2016.
A crematorium has apologised to the family of a terminally ill man who took their cremated ashes to a crematorium.
The chief executive of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBS), George Taggart, is to give a speech on the BBC's future.
Junior doctors in England and Wales are to go on strike for the first time, the government has announced.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical.
More than £1m has been pledged to invest in the Northern Powerhouse over the next five years.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam while pregnant.
Fifteen people have been arrested in a major drug trafficking operation in Italy, US authorities say.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has called for the country's banks to be exempt from a controversial anti-black banking law.
A new code of conduct for police in Scotland has been published.
A 91-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay more than £1,000 to install a telephone line.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's most successful politicians.
Italian fashion designer Christian Dior has apologised to Gigi Hadid after she was accused of being "too thin".
The daughter of Norway's best-known TV voice, Jean Kasem, has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against her step-mother.
Russian football fan Alexander Prypryk has been arrested in France on suspicion of anti-Semitism.
Former Indonesian President Yahya Jammeh has been charged with embezzling more than $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) of state funds.
Members of the European Union have called for the UK government to clarify its stance on Brexit.
Celtic were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to eight points with victory over St Johnstone.
England have qualified for the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
Google has updated its facial recognition system to make it easier for people to solve puzzles.
Paralympic Paralympic champion Michael Smyth says he wants to improve on his performance at the Rio Paralympics.
Hundreds of Halloween cake have been stolen from a golf club.
The Welsh Affairs Committee has met to discuss the impact of the UK leaving the European Union.
Belfast-based Boozum's Mexican restaurant has been sold to a group of businessmen for an undisclosed sum.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a cyber-attack on TalkTalk.com.
A Russian fighter jet has crashed in northern Syria, killing all 224 people on board.
Iraqi forces have retaken the city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS), the army says.
Arsenal striker Arturo Cazorla has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Horse racing legend John Harrington has won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career.
Mae'r Cymru wedi cynnal yn y Gymraeg yn â'r Eisteddfod y Pafiliwn yn Ystod y Byd 1958.
Hospitals in England have been told to improve the way they deal with mistakes.
Two men have been arrested in connection with a serious assault on a disabled man in Inverness.
A man has died after a car he was travelling in crashed into a tree.
Iranians have reacted angrily to the revelation that some of the country's top officials are being paid millions of dollars in bonuses.
Visitors to Yellowstone National Park in Montana have been banned from entering the park after a baby bison was born.
House prices in Scotland rose by more than 10% in March compared with the same period last year, figures show.
Councillors in Northumberland have voted to cut the pay of teaching assistants.
Torquay United have signed Torquay Caledonian Thistle on a season-long loan deal.
Former world number one Johanna Wozniacki has left the WTA after just one year in the job.
It has been a week since a ceasefire was signed between the US and the Syrian government.
Two teenagers have been found guilty of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that he is "very proud" of Canada.
Huddersfield Town boss David Wagner has signed a new three-year contract, keeping him at the club until the end of the season.
"It's like a dream come true," says the founder of a beauty salon in Nairobi.
A doctor accused of murdering a 12-year-old boy has told a court she did not know his symptoms were changing.
Plans for a new wildlife centre in Nottinghamshire have been approved.
A letter from former US President George W Bush has gone on display for the first time.
A bronze sculpture of a Hindu goddess has been returned to Singapore after it was allegedly stolen from a museum in India.
One of the world's most popular trains has arrived in London for the first time.
Former world number one Jason Donald says he had to quit golf because of a lack of confidence.
For decades, La Gloria, a small town in the western Cuban state of Chihuahua, was a dream come true.
All the local elections taking place in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The number of cases of dementia in the UK has fallen for the first time in more than 50 years, a study suggests.
The Isle of Wight Council has said it will appeal against a High Court ruling that it cannot appeal to the High Court.
The family of a former RAF serviceman who helped thousands of children in Manchester have paid tribute to him.
Tens of thousands of people have attended the funeral of a Kurdish woman who was killed in clashes with so-called Islamic State (IS).
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she will lead the Conservative Party after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A football referee who died after being punched during a game in Livonia, Michigan, has been named by police.
A woman has been shot dead by a pickup truck driver in the US state of Ohio.
A 19-year-old man has been found guilty of plotting to kill a British soldier.
A Hindu teacher in India has been arrested for allegedly defaming a government minister.
Scientists have measured the length of the Loch Ness in the UK for the first time.
The inquest into the deaths of four men killed in a plane crash at Shoreham last year has been postponed.
Three men have been jailed for stealing cash machines from ATM machines in Scotland.
The head of the Catholic Church in Australia has criticised Pope Francis for failing to act on the issue of child sexual abuse.
Celtic have confirmed they are in talks with Manchester United over the future of striker Pat Roberts.
A man has created a robot that he hopes will be used as a toy at science fairs.
Small businesses are the most vulnerable to cyber attacks, according to a leading business body.
Pope Francis is due to make his first major visit to Africa this week.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has said he is committed to fighting tax evasion.
Scotland's Laura Muir has broken the world record for the women's 1500m at the World Championships in London.
Birmingham City came from behind to beat Newcastle United and reach the third round of the FA Cup.
Mark Cavendish became the first British rider to win a World Tour de France title with victory in Copenhagen.
It's been a year since the band formed, and it's been one of the most turbulent times in British pop history.
Jamie Murray and Jamie Heaslip have reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
A man has died after being hit by a car.
A campaign to make Manx beaches clean has been launched.
Legal highs, including legal highs, are to be banned from sale in the UK.
It has been a year of ups and downs for the National Football League (NFL).
A nurse who sexually assaulted patients at a hospital has been jailed for three years.
The Irish Open is to be held in Ballyliffin, County Londonderry, next year.
Jack Leaning's first-class century of the season helped Yorkshire beat Lancashire by eight wickets on day two of the Roses match.
Supermarket Asda has announced it will increase the price of milk for farmers in the UK.
Hewlett-Packard has apologised to customers who use its ink cartridges.
Donald Trump's son, Sterling, has been cleared of selling the Los Angeles Clippers, a court has ruled.
A Gloucestershire school has been forced to close because of an outbreak of norovirus.
People in Wales are being urged to register to vote ahead of the assembly election, the first woman to do so has said.
Oil giant Shell has said it will continue to drill in the Arctic despite criticism from environmental groups.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who was stabbed to death in her constituency.
Israel's prime minister has vowed to crack down on people who throw stones at holy sites during the holy month of Ramadan.
The president of the Republic of Ireland has been given the go-ahead to introduce a controversial abortion bill.
The crew of a lifeboat station in the Borders have agreed to hand over their spare portholes to the RNLI.
Surrey's Kumar Sangakkara hit his first first-class century of the season as they beat Nottinghamshire by eight wickets in the first one-day international.
Wolves have been bought by Chinese investment firm Fosun for an undisclosed sum.
The number of birds and bumblebees in the UK is rising, a study suggests.
The Prince of Wales has led a parade of cadets to mark their graduation from the Royal Military Academy.
Leicester City have signed Algeria international Riyad Mahrez for an undisclosed fee.
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has declared a state of emergency in Yemen.
Sinn Féin head coach Ian Gray says his side are capable of winning the Six Nations.
The number of tourists visiting Northern Ireland has fallen by more than 50% in the past five years, according to a report.
At the age of 14, Rodrigo da Silva was one of the youngest footballers in the world.
A man has been found to have taken a "potentially dangerous" form of ecstasy, police have said.
Sir Mick Jagger has said he has no regrets about his relationship with L'Wren Scott.
Plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in York have been approved by councillors.
Zimbabwe's only independent radio station has been shut down, the BBC has learned.
Children's mental health services in England are at risk of being "ring-fenced", a charity has said.
The family of a teenager who is preparing to compete in the Eurovision Song Contest have said they are "overwhelmed" by the excitement.
Leeds Rhinos full-back Sam Hood has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim the length of the Atlantic Ocean.
If you're looking for a new way to get fit, we've got you covered.
A new series of BBC Africa's Power Women series looks at the challenges women face in the African continent.
A US diplomat who was attacked by a Russian diplomat has been expelled from the country, the US says.
England's Ben Stokes hit a century as they beat India by eight wickets in the first one-day international in India.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a Northamptonshire flat.
The European Court of Human Rights has criticised the UK government for failing to uphold human rights in Northern Ireland.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at the challenges facing people with disabilities.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Great Britain's Chris Scott won gold in the men's skeleton final at the European Para-cycling Championships in Palma.
A parade has taken place in Yeovil to mark the 100th anniversary of the end of World War Two.
Police are no longer investigating car thefts, a man has said.
In the middle of the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur, one of the world's richest women, Leanne Khong, is trying to feed the hungry.
In the north-eastern Nigerian city of Kano, where Boko Haram militants are fighting for control of the country's education system, a group of young men are learning to read and write.
The US has issued a travel warning to Turkish tourists in the Aegean islands of Antalya and Yarbakir.
The Liberal Democrats have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
A man has died and a woman has been seriously injured in separate incidents in County Mayo.
The Japanese government's handling of the Fukushima nuclear disaster was "inadequate", a panel of experts has concluded.
Former England boss Alan Dyke has announced he is stepping down as chairman of the Football Association.
NatWest and NatWest have said they are prepared to cut interest rates if the Bank of England does not cut them.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to make Sundays more special.
The Golden State Warriors beat the Cleveland Cavaliers to reach the NBA Finals for the third time in four years.
Former Borussia Dortmund striker Paul Coady says he is ready to take his team to the top of the Premier League.
A woman has been given a suspended jail sentence after a man died at a bar in County Limavady.
A man who ate a fish has been banned from owning animals for five years.
Serbia and Albania have been stripped of their European Champions League status by the European Football Association (Uefa).
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has confirmed it has signed a new deal with the world's biggest football association.
Wrexham suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Wrexham.
Pakistan have been given permission to tour India for the first time since the terror attacks in Mumbai last year.
Blackburn Rovers head coach Gary Rowett says his side need to improve if they are to avoid relegation from League Two.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has vowed to continue the impeachment process of President Dilma Rousseff.
Archaeologists in China say they have identified the source of the largest ever river flood in the world.
A Florida teenager accused of pretending to be a naturopathic doctor has been charged with fraud.
Former world number one Rafael Nadal has set a new record for the most Grand Slam singles titles.
The number of snowsnows in Scotland has more than doubled in the last three years, according to new figures.
Three men have been found guilty of conspiring to smuggle drugs into the UK.
Lancashire director of cricket Steve Giles says he would like to see the county's results improve.
A Polish man has been jailed for life for raping and robbing a woman in Leicester.
Cornwall head coach Paul Dawe says he would like to see the All-Ireland semi-final staged at Twickenham.
Actor Matthew McConaughey has taken to the streets of Austin, Texas, to help students who have fallen ill.
Ghana's parliament has passed a bill that allows the president and vice-president-elect to hand over their assets.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is committed to improving the lives of African-American communities in the US.
Peterborough United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 83.
A dinghy has been rescued from a beach in Inverclyde.
A gay rights campaigner has lost his appeal against a High Court ruling that a Belfast bakery discriminated against gay customers.
A Labour MP has accused the party of trying to stop voters registering to vote in the general election.
The family of a Vietnamese doctor who was forcibly removed from a United Airlines flight in Vietnam have said they will sue the airline.
The killing of a Syrian man and his wife in a UK-led air strike in Syria is a "serious breach of international law", Welsh MP Jo Harman has said.
The governing body of amateur boxing in Wales is not fit for purpose, a report has found.
Two Edinburgh primary schools have been closed due to safety concerns.
A German woman has filed a lawsuit against Bayer over her contraceptive pill, Yasminelle.
Passengers at a London Tube station are being asked to stand at the top of the escalators to avoid overcrowding.
Victims of asbestos-related diseases in England and Wales will be able to claim compensation under a new scheme.
A woman has been found guilty of attempting to kill her mother by injecting her with insulin.
The US Senate has rejected a plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Australian artist and broadcaster Roy Churcher has died at the age of 83.
Moody's and Standard & Poor's are two of the world's leading credit rating agencies.
The first trial of three former leaders of Cambodia's former communist regime has begun.
Author Richard O'Brien has died at the age of 83, his wife has said.
Bristol City have signed Guernsey Under-19s Jake and Kodi on a two-year deal.
EU migrants should not be allowed to leave the UK, the Welsh Labour leader has said.
A cat that went missing for more than a year has been reunited with its owner.
A football fan has been left with a gaping hole in the ceiling of his home.
The Home Office is to deport more than 1,000 illegal workers who have been living in the UK for three years.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix for the second year in a row after a row with team-mate Max Verstappen.
Victoria Pinkney has been appointed as the new chief constable of Hampshire Police.
Belfast's Conor Murray reached the semi-finals of the European mixed martial arts championship with a unanimous points victory over Alexander Tursilov.
Olympic bronze medallist Dave Brewster's women's team have reached the semi-finals of the European Championships in Braehead, Scotland.
Donegal's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship have been dealt a blow.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
David Perry, the creator of the hit children's TV series Dad's Army, has died at the age of 90.
Derby County head coach Paul Bent says his side are capable of reaching the play-offs despite a poor start to the season.
It's been a busy week at the New York Fashion Week.
Partick Thistle maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Ross County.
Dozens of Russian lorries have arrived in the eastern Ukrainian city of Voronezh.
One of the most famous mosaics of all time has been uncovered.
Scottish voters have voted to give Holyrood full control of all aspects of their tax affairs, a poll suggests.
The founder of the World Food Prize, Dr Adesina, has been awarded the prestigious award for his work in rural Africa.
A police officer has been banned from carrying a firearm at a railway station.
The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has warned that El Nino is set to become the world's most powerful weather phenomenon.
Scientists say they have developed a new type of kidney that can be made from human tissue.
A US university has filed a lawsuit against Apple, claiming it infringed a patent on microchips.
A steam train called Tornado is taking to the skies for the first time.
One of the world's leading runners, Anna, is taking part in a Couch to 5k challenge.
Plans for a new marine conservation centre have been given the go-ahead.
Passengers travelling to and from the UK will be able to verify their passports for the first time, the government has announced.
Britain's Beth Tweddle became the first gymnast to win a gold medal at the London 2012 Olympics.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed midfielder Jack Pearson on a season-long loan deal.
Hollywood star James McAvoy has revealed he has been involved in the restoration of Hastings Pier.
A man who stabbed his ex-wife to death in a Sydney cafe has been jailed for life.
Former BBC chief executive Mark Thompson has accused the corporation of "misleading" him over a £500,000 pay-off.
Hamilton Academical suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his side's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign is over after a 2-1 defeat by Northern Ireland.
Two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot dead in Liverpool.
Celtic boss Derek Ferguson says he has "no idea" if he will be the next manager of Rangers.
The speaker of the lower house of the Italian parliament has been suspended following a row over comments he made during a debate.
Australia's ambassador to Israel has been expelled from the country over the alleged involvement in the murder of a Palestinian man in Dubai.
A court in Azerbaijan has sentenced the wife of President Ilham Aliyev to life in prison for human rights violations.
More than 100 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea, police say.
Ireland won the Women's Six Nations title for the first time with a seven-try victory over England in Dublin.
At least eight people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Lebanese city of Arsal, officials say.
Guiding Guides and Guides in the UK have changed their oath of allegiance to the Queen.
The number of migrants caught trying to cross the English Channel has reached a record high, new figures show.
"I've never been to Gibraltar before."
Billericicic United have agreed a deal to buy the League Two club for an undisclosed fee, the club's chairman has confirmed.
Rochdale beat Rochdale to reach the League Two play-off semi-finals for the first time in eight years.
A forklift driver has been found guilty of dangerous driving after a worker was crushed to death by a forklift truck.
The Irish government has been criticised for failing to protect human rights during the financial crisis.
Former prime minister Lord Heseltine has said the UK needs to improve its education system.
A new study suggests that the ancestors of the Basque people have been living in Europe for thousands of years.
Burton Albion have signed goalkeeper Stephen McLaughlin for the rest of the season.
It's been one of the most exciting days of the year so far.
The Welsh Labour leader has said he does not support Jeremy Corbyn as prime minister.
A new post-graduate college has opened in Flintshire.
Burnley have signed former Republic of Ireland midfielder Jack Walter on a season-long loan deal.
Mexican actor Carlos Aguirre, best known for his role as a bullfighter in a popular TV show, has died at the age of 90.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former Featherstone Rovers head coach Paul Duffy as their new head coach.
The family of a woman who died after being restrained in a Sotheby's store in London have paid tribute to her, an inquest has heard.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Villarreal midfielder Victor Bailly until the end of the season.
The French government has ordered all foreign embassies to close after a satirical magazine published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.
When Joanna Tilli and her husband, Eduardo, moved to Portugal in 2008, they had no idea what they were doing.
The world's most famous detective, Sherlock Holmes, is heading to the Maze Maze!
The father of one of the victims of the San Bernardino shooting has called on Apple to help crack down on the use of encryption.
The US state of Florida has declared a state of emergency after the release of toxic blue-green algae.
The creator of Broadchurch has said he is "overwhelmed" by the response to the new series.
The owner of a theme park has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving.
The Ospreys are in talks about the future of head coach Stuart Hore.
Leicester reached the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup with a bonus-point win over Treviso.
British and Irish Lions scrum-half Alex Abendanon says he has no regrets about his decision to play in France.
Patient satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen sharply, according to a new survey.
If you're looking for a boxing world champion, we've got you covered!
The head of the City of London's finance department has accused the French of trying to "destroy" the city.
When Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill took over as Euro 2016 coach last year, he had no intention of going back to Germany.
Matt Wood scored twice as Burton Albion came from behind to beat Leeds United and reach the Championship play-offs.
Alex Hales became the fastest player to score a T20 Blast century as Nottinghamshire beat Northants by eight wickets in the Powerplay.
A cancer patient who raised more than £10,000 for cancer patients in Yemen has been given a life-support order.
Lancashire director of cricket Steve Giles says his side are "not good enough" to compete in one-day cricket.
A row has broken out over the role of a coxswain on a lifeboat.
Scientists say they have discovered a new species of dinosaur that lived for more than a million years.
Northern Ireland have reached the semi-finals of the European Championship for the first time.
An NHS trust has been criticised for failing to properly investigate the deaths of two midwives at a Staffordshire hospital.
The campaign manager of Donald Trump's presidential candidate, Corey Lewandowski, has been cleared of misconduct in public office.
Land Rover has long been known as the world's best-selling car.
A mother accused of drowning her three-year-old son in a bath has told a court she did not blame her.
Three men have been found guilty of electoral fraud in a West Midlands by-election.
Tens of thousands of pounds of food has been donated to a refugee camp in Bristol.
Former world number one Rafael Nadal has been banned from the sport for four years after being found guilty of doping.
The US military says it has confirmed that a North Korean navy ship has arrived in the Western Pacific.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a County Armagh man who was shot dead at a wedding.
The chief constable of Bedfordshire Police has said he is concerned about the future of the force.
World number one Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a straight-set victory over Croatia's Borna Coric.
Plans for a bridge over the River Thames have been given the go-ahead.
Chelsea have signed former Real Madrid defender Eduardo for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
The Great North Run has taken place in London for the first time.
Stoke City midfielder Alex Rashford has been offered a new three-year deal by the club's academy, says assistant manager Paul Collins.
A former Sri Lankan defence minister has been charged with stealing weapons worth more than $1m (Â£1m).
Australian opposition leader Peter Katter has said he is "disappointed" that a video showing him shooting two men in the head has gone viral.
The NHS in England will no longer be able to charge patients more than £200m for new drugs, under a new plan.
Jordan Clark's injury-time equaliser gave Accrington a narrow victory at Bradford.
The number of people using food banks in Scotland has reached a record high, according to a charity.
Glamorgan have extended the loan spell of all-rounder Harry Podmore until the end of the season.
Northamptonshire's FA Cup semi-final against Stourbridge will be the "most special" of the season, says manager Paul Hackett.
Lyon and Besiktas have reached the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time.
Savers in the UK will no longer be able to claim compensation for their savings under new rules coming into effect.
Championship side Norwich City have re-signed former Norwich City defender Matt Surman on a two-year deal.
Hearts have signed former Dundee United midfielder Prince Buaben on a season-long loan deal.
Wales beat Italy to reach the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man in County Londonderry have begun a search for him.
Boreham Wood have signed a new three-year deal with Arsenal.
Under Armour has signed a new three-year contract with the Welsh Rugby Football Union (WRU).
Formula 1's governing body has agreed to scrap the controversial single-car rule.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he is "disappointed" that business leaders have been quoted in a campaign advert for the party.
Leicester Tigers head coach Paul Murphy says he believes his side can win the Anglo-Welsh Cup for the first time.
Eastleigh fought back from 2-0 down to beat Macclesfield in the National League.
Three brothers have appeared in court charged with a string of drugs offences.
Yahoo is working with a teenager to create a smartphone app that can be used with a smartphone.
Jurgen Klopp's side face Southampton in their first game in charge of the Premier League this season.
The Queen's voice is the "voice of the Queen", her mother has told the BBC.
A man has been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a bank.
A man has been charged with attempted murder following a stabbing in Paisley.
Swimming's chief performance officer Mark Scott has resigned following a review of the country's performance at the Rio Olympics.
Great Britain's Michael Phelps and Michael Phelps won gold medals in the men's 100m freestyle final at the Rio Olympics.
A 16-year-old boy from Northamptonshire has turned down the chance to become England's next manager.
The father of a dog who died after being attacked by a dog in Romford has called for changes to the Dangerous Dogs Act.
England's Mark Davis reached the semi-finals of the Crucible for the second year in a row with victory over China's Ding Junhui.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was assaulted in west Belfast.
Two women have been taken to hospital after their photos were posted on social media.
A dog has been reunited with its owner after being trapped in a chair for more than three hours.
Two people have been fined for illegally selling endangered animals at a zoo.
The head of the so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group, Abdul Fattah al-Furqani, has died.
A man has been jailed for life for beating a woman to death at a Dorset railway station.
A 13-year-old girl has died after a bus she was travelling in hit a wall in Glasgow.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash on the Isle of Man.
Ferrari have agreed a deal to sign McLaren driver Valtteri Bottas until the end of the season.
Colin Connery's role in the new Bond film, Spectre, will not be based on the character, according to actor Jamie Moore.
More than half of older people in Scotland are waiting more than a year to receive care, a charity has said.
The number of rabbits and hares in the UK is rising, according to a new study.
A mother and her three children have been found guilty of trafficking more than 1,000 puppies into the UK.
Three men have appeared in court charged with trying to join a so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Amazon has launched a new video streaming service in the UK.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has expanded its investigation into online travel deals.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 index closed lower on Friday, after a warning from South Africa's finance minister.
Pop band Taylor Swift has been removed from the Top 10 list of the UK's most popular songs for the first time.
Leeds Wildcats chairman Steve Carter has said he has no idea why the club has not been offered a new lease of the ground.
The Duke of Cambridge has praised the work of the Queen as he celebrated her 90th birthday.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been cleared to play in the NFL's final game of the season.
Japanese messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in Tokyo.
A fire and ambulance worker has been banned from the profession for two years after being found guilty of sexual misconduct.
A leisure centre which has been closed for more than 20 years could be demolished.
The Greek ambassador to Turkey has been found dead in his Athens apartment.
Renault has confirmed it will no longer use Red Bull engines in Formula 1.
Belfast City Council has said it is open to the possibility of a major redevelopment of the city centre.
A man has been rescued after falling from a tree in Greater Manchester.
Businesses in West Midlands are being targeted by a gang of burglars who are trying to break into their premises.
A police officer in the southern Indian state of Kerala has sparked outrage after posting a video on social media in which he asked women not to stare at him.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Sir Bruce Forsyth is to return to the show for the first time.
The UK has signed a new trade deal with eight of the world's poorest countries.
A woman has completed the Great North Run for the first time.
A suicide bomber has killed at least eight people in a bomb attack on the National Security Agency (NSA), officials say.
China's housing market has been hit by a huge rise in property prices.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death outside his home.
South Africa's ruling African National Congress (ANC) has called on President Jacob Zuma to step down.
A ban on the sale and use of e-cigarettes has been approved by the Welsh government.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling should not be sold by the club.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the challenges facing older people in Hong Kong.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Great Britain's judo team will compete at the Rio Paralympics for blind and visually impaired athletes.
A Staffordshire hospital has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Scotland head coach Gregor Townsend will remain in charge of the British and Irish Lions until the end of the season, says head coach Vern Cotter.
Facebook has been ordered to hand over all of its users' data to a German court.
Former Friends star Matthew Perry is to appear in a special episode of the West End sitcom, it has been confirmed.
Wales fans have paid tribute to their team after they reached the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
More than 1,000 mosques across the UK are taking part in an anti-Islam rally in London.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by his job at the club.
The UK government has warned the world that a vote to leave the European Union would be "a shock to the world economy".
A veteran of the Iraq War has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused Hillary Clinton of threatening to abolish the Second Amendment if she wins the election.
The National Union of Students (NU) has launched a campaign calling for the government to apologise to students.
The Home Office's human trafficking commissioner has said the number of people being trafficked to the UK is "unprecedented".
Sixty-five-year-old women have the longest telomeres in the world, a study suggests.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in anti-government protests in Turkey's capital, Istanbul.
The average price of a house in Northern Ireland has risen by more than 10% in the past year, according to new figures.
John Harris has called for the BBC to do more to promote books.
A former South Thanet MP has been charged with rape and sexual assault.
A school has been evacuated after a fire broke out in a sports hall.
Worcester head coach Shaun Hogg says a new surface will help his side improve their game.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday, as investors remained cautious ahead of the UK general election.
A Lincolnshire hospital has been hit by a ransomware attack.
British Badminton champion Emily Gilruth has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a fence.
The brother of a British aid worker who was shot dead by Islamic State militants in Syria has said he fears for his life.
MPs have voted against the appointment of a new clerk to the House of Commons, Speaker Jack Straw has said.
A three-year-old girl has been born on a flight from Orkney to Inverness.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said the killing of Osama Bin Laden was a "dance".
Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie has written a new film about the plight of elephants in Kenya.
Family Guy is to stay on BBC Two for the rest of the year, the corporation has announced.
Tens of thousands of people have marched through Dublin to mark the centenary of the 1916 Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been appointed as the new secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Paul McCartney has topped the list of the world's richest men for the first time.
Former MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 83.
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says his side will not give up after beating Middlesex by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
When John Swinney took over as Scottish finance secretary, he had no idea what he was talking about.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron has said he would like to see Jimmy Savile stripped of his knighthood.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho and his team-mates clashed during their FA Cup semi-final defeat by Manchester United.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Alex Goodwin says he has no plans to retire.
Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as Leicester City manager.
An inquest into the death of a man who contracted measles has been adjourned.
A 16-year-old boy has told a court he does not want to be considered a "terrorist" by the UK government.
A bill calling for the UK to leave the European Union has passed the House of Commons.
Retailers in London and the South East are facing a "cliff edge" as a result of the government's re-evaluation of their rates, the chief executive has said.
National League leaders Dover maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Guiseley.
Derbyshire all-rounder Tom Taylor has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Firefighters have been praised for their "brilliant" response to a rollercoaster crash at a theme park in Staffordshire.
South Africa's banking watchdog has opened a criminal investigation into the alleged rigging of the country's foreign exchange market.
Wales' Anthony Cordina says he plans to retire from boxing at the end of the year.
The number of motorists caught speeding on the M4 in Wales has fallen to its lowest level for five years.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of hundreds of cannabis plants.
Ukraine's parliament has approved two bills that would make it easier for Russian citizens to travel to Crimea.
Education Secretary Michael Swinney has said the number of teachers in Scotland has remained stable.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery in West Lothian.
A former SAS soldier has been jailed for a minimum of four years for possessing a firearm.
A public toilet in China's capital, Beijing, has opened to the public for the first time.
For years, German journalists have been accused of spying for the state.
The US space agency's mission to the International Space Station (ISS) is under way.
Leeds United midfielder Paul Bartley says manager Pep Guardiola has improved his style of play in the Championship.
A new stand at Hearts will be built to replace the current stand at the club's ground.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has launched her campaign for a second term in office.
Ukraine's ambassador to the United States has accused the US of meddling in the country's internal affairs.
A second man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a farmer in Bedfordshire.
The High Court has ruled that the Welsh assembly has the power to set minimum wages.
Former members of One Direction have said they have no intention of leaving the band.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has signed a controversial abortion bill into law.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for the end of the use of foreign aid.
Fulham have signed Fulham striker Christian Christensen on a season-long loan deal.
Former Miami Dolphins swimmer Alex Konrad has died after his boat capsized in Florida.
Northern Ireland's police and crime commissioner has said he is "disappointed" that no deal has been reached to deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney have marked the 50th anniversary of the opening of the Cavern Club in Liverpool.
British number one Heather Watson suffered a first defeat of the year as she was beaten in straight sets by Laura Broady.
Thailand's Supreme Court has ruled that former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra should face trial for corruption.
Ed Miliband has unveiled a pledge stone which he says will be used to remind people they are not up to the job.
Plans for a new school campus have been submitted to the Scottish Borders Council.
Veteran comedian Norman Collier has died at the age of 83.
Leyton Orient suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Crawley.
A four-year-old boy has been left in a state of isolation after his iPad was stolen from his home.
Growth in the UK's economy will slow in the second half of the year, according to a closely-watched survey.
An Edinburgh-based charity has launched a series of walking tours inspired by the author JK Rowling.
The families of three inmates who died at a Milton Keynes prison have won a High Court challenge.
All photographs are copyrighted.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has been given a five-star rating by critics.
National League side Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town defender Jack Hurst on loan until the end of the season.
Sex and the City have been announced as the headline acts for this year's Bestival music festival.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower, with mining shares leading the way.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has said it is "devastated" by the number of athletes who failed to show up for the Rio Olympics.
A suspicious package containing "horrific" white powder has been found at the US Capitol in Washington DC, US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a car park.
China's richest man, Zhou Xiaochuan, has been arrested on suspicion of corruption, state media report.
It's been a week since the Scottish National Television (SNP) was launched.
A new system for prescribing medicines in Wales should be introduced by the end of the year, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Royal Mail shares have fallen more than 5% after the firm warned it would cut its annual profit target.
A group of railway enthusiasts has raised more than £10,000 to build a new railway station in the Highlands.
If you want to know what it's like to live in Germany, you need to read the headlines.
A patient who sent sexually explicit messages to colleagues at a hospital has been sacked.
The world premiere of a new musical has taken place in London.
YouTube has been accused of being a "whack-a-mole" for the music industry.
A woman in Derbyshire has said she was targeted by scammers trying to steal her bank account.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeen.
One of the world's largest animals, the sauropod, has been reconstructed by a digital dinosaur.
Venezuela has accused Chile of detaining a prominent human rights activist on the island of Margarita.
Dog owners have backed calls for their pets to be banned from beaches in Bristol.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a strong US jobs report.
More than 1,000 names have been added to a memorial to RAF Bomber Command veterans who died in World War Two.
Drivers are being warned to take extra care on the roads ahead of the Easter holidays.
At least 20 people have been killed in a lorry fire that ripped through a bus and lorry in southern Germany.
Sussex all-rounder Adam Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England thrashed Pakistan by eight wickets in the first T20 Blast match of the season at Edgbaston.
A plaque has been unveiled to mark the life of a former teacher who was stabbed to death in Wigan.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has been praised by Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to after a security guard was racially abused on a train.
A senior Indian politician has been sentenced to life in prison for her role in the 2002 Gujarat riots.
Police in Bangladesh say they have identified four men they believe to be linked to the so-called Islamic State group.
Floyd Mayweather's fight with Conor McGregor in Las Vegas on Saturday has been postponed until the end of the year.
Australian ISPs have been ordered to reveal the IP addresses of people who illegally downloaded films.
Wigan Warriors' Luke Flower has been banned for six months for striking his opponent in the head during their Super League semi-final win over Catalans Dragons.
Nasa has announced plans to send humans to Mars for the first time.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by the results of Hewlett-Packard.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 100 girls abducted by Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
The US has suspended its support for a resolution condemning Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Former Ajax midfielder Paul Klu Kluivert scored twice as his side beat Dutch side PEC Zwolle to reach the third round of the Europa League.
The number of UK property transactions has fallen to its lowest level for more than three years, official figures show.
Barnsley boss Gary Johnson says he wants to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
US actress Emma Stone has been nominated for best actress at the Venice Film Festival for her role in La La Land.
A team of firefighters have broken the world record for the world's largest naan.
Edinburgh is celebrating its 100th anniversary as the world's largest arts festival.
A 13-year-old boy has been jailed for 13 years for sexually abusing girls.
Pope Francis has appointed a new head of the Vatican bank as part of a major shake-up of the institution.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is the most likely candidate to win the leadership of the party, a poll suggests.
Thailand's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial amnesty bill for former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
JP Morgan has said it plans to move more than 1,000 jobs from London to the European Union after Brexit.
Britain's Adam Rutherford set a new world record in the men's 100m hurdles at the Manchester International Para-athletics Festival.
Children who eat too much food are more likely to be overweight, a study suggests.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has apologised to the Northern Ireland public for its "disastrous" election campaign.
One of Scotland's leading breast cancer charities has called for a drug to be made available on the NHS.
Tranmere Rovers maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a comfortable victory over Dover.
A Blackpool fan has failed in his bid to have his legal action against the club filed for default.
Britain's Chris Froome won the final stage of the Tour de France to become the first man to win the title.
One of Scotland's most famous buildings has been officially opened in Glasgow.
Motherwell have signed striker Dom Thomas on a season-long loan from Partick Thistle.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in County Antrim.
Work is under way to remove part of the hull of the Transocean rig that capsized off the west coast of Scotland.
Police are appealing for information after a man's medals worth more than £1,000 were stolen from his home.
A ban on fireworks in gardens should be lifted, a Conservative MP has said.
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz have clashed in Florida.
A former vicar has told the BBC he was sexually abused by a vicar in the 1980s and 1990s.
Jockeys should be allowed to race on Good Friday as part of a revamp of the UK's all-weather racing calendar, the sport's chief executive has said.
Women's voices should be protected from being excluded from public office, a group of AMs has said.
Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil says he will remain at the club until the end of the season.
The body of one of the Paris attackers has been laid to rest for the first time in the French capital.
Spain's Sergio Garcia shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the BMW Championship in Germany.
Ruweyda, a 12-year-old girl who has a rare form of anxiety, has been learning to speak.
A rare bottle of whisky has been found on a Caithness island.
Human remains have been discovered at a site near Stonehenge, a leading archaeologist has said.
The UK would lose more than £850 a year in trade if it left the European Union, according to a think tank.
Wolves extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over Wolves.
Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o has defended her decision to cancel her contract with Sony Pictures.
A 10-year-old boy has been airlifted to hospital after his boat capsized in Hampshire.
Glacial lakes in parts of the Himalayas have been forming in the past 15 years, say scientists.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Pope Francis has granted the clemency of a Roman Catholic priest who was jailed for leaking leaked documents to the Vatican.
George Roddenberry's Star Trek: The Force Awakens has been praised for its inclusion of a gay character in the film.
Labour and the Green Party have been elected as the new mayor of London.
Changes to disability benefits will make it easier for disabled people to return to work, the UK's health secretary has said.
The world governing body has rejected the bid of Gothenburg to host the 2022 World Championships.
Plans for a third runway at Heathrow Airport have been given the go-ahead by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn.
Torquay United continued their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over fellow strugglers Burnley.
Myanmar's opposition leader, Kyaw Soe Oo, has resigned from the country's cabinet.
An inquest into the death of a 13-year-old boy who was shot in the head by a soldier has been adjourned.
The BBC's long-running Wimbledon programme is to be revamped, the corporation has announced.
A row has broken out over the cost of repairing a wall that collapsed in a flood.
A County Armagh man has admitted stealing more than £20,000 from his bank account.
Marcus Rashford scored a hat-trick as Manchester United beat Hull to extend their unbeaten start to the Premier League season.
Argentina coach Juan Carlos Bauza has been sacked by the country's football federation after failing to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Joachim Pommer, one of Germany's most prominent Holocaust survivors, has died at the age of 106.
Russia has accused Turkey of violating its airspace by intercepting two F-16 fighter jets in Syria.
Swansea City have apologised to fans who bought tickets for their team's game against Hull City.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who died from sepsis should have been treated sooner, an inquest has heard.
A Powys councillor has had his disciplinary action against him overturned.
Award-winning London cinema Curzon has been announced as the winner of this year's Bafta Film Awards.
Barrow Rovers head coach Paul Cowley says it will be a "hell of a journey" to reach the League Two play-offs.
World number one Angelique Kerber beat Dominika Cibulkova in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Czech Open.
The government should sell off more social housing stock in England and Wales, a think tank has said.
Guernsey won the men's singles title for the first time with victory over Jersey in the final of the Island Games.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed higher on Thursday, boosted by the announcement of the appointment of a new chief executive.
Barcelona are the best team in the world, says Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola.
Former Apprentice star Lord Sugar has called for a series of reality TV shows to be produced by the BBC.
The father of former world champion Jules Bianchi has said he is "hopeful" he will be able to compete again this year.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in Leeds.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gas explosion at a pipeline in Mexico, officials say.
A former world welterweight champion has been given a suspended sentence for assaulting his ex-girlfriend.
A Shropshire church has been awarded more than £10,000 to repair its roof.
Syrian government forces say they have fired gas into rebel-held parts of the city of Aleppo.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in straight sets to win his first Davis Cup title.
One of the UK's most famous cats, Arthur, has been living in a studio in London for the past year.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Canada for their first official tour.
Baby incubators are to be fitted to the new ambulance of Wales Air Ambulance.
A golden eagle has returned to its nest at a Scottish wildlife reserve for the first time.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh has been appointed as the new co-creator of the series.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the impact of Volkswagen on the families of the victims of the VW crash.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been suspended for three games after being found guilty of betting illegally.
Former world number one Jason Donald has signed a new two-year contract with the Grove Grove Golf Club.
Championship side Bristol City are interested in signing Sweden international Andreas Johnson, according to the club's director of football.
What do you do when you're a fan of Formula 1?
The US says it has carried out a drone strike in Yemen that killed a senior al-Qaeda figure.
Three men have appeared in court accused of stabbing a drug dealer to death in Mold.
Plans for a new gay nightclub in London have been given the go-ahead.
Anthony Conlan and Michael Donnelly have been banned by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) from competing at the Rio Olympics.
One of the UK's most senior civil servants has announced he is joining the Leave campaign.
The story of a World War Two warship's evacuation from Dunkirk is one of the most famous in the world.
The head teacher of a Lincolnshire primary school has called for a three-day break to help recruit new teachers.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the country's decision to ban Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games.
A Powys primary school has agreed to hand over its library to the city council.
Japan's earthquake and tsunami warning has been extended to include parts of the rest of the country.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a house in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football captain has appeared in court charged with fraud and money laundering.
Work has begun on a new £1.5m library and community centre in Llandaff.
Nato has been accused of failing to investigate claims of human rights violations in Libya, a human rights group has said.
A conference to discuss the legacy of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled.
Plans for a vertical vertical pier have been given the go-ahead.
Britain's Mo Farah has broken the world record for the fastest time in the London Marathon.
The UN's human rights chief, Staffan de Mistura, has called for a second round of peace talks between the Syrian government and opposition.
Commonwealth gold medallists Gabby and Gabby Adcock are hoping to compete at the 2017 World Badminton Championships in Glasgow.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following a knife attack in Londonderry.
A US civil liberties group has filed a lawsuit against the Pentagon over a ban on women serving in the military.
Pope Benedict XVI has been in Rome for more than a year.
Mae cynghorau lleol yn dweud bod yn cael eu gwmnïau gofal i gyngor Conwy oedd Cymorth Llaw.
A fire engine which failed to respond to a blaze at a block of flats has been replaced.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says his side must beat New Zealand if they are to beat the All Blacks at Twickenham.
Cole Stockton's first-half equaliser gave Tranmere Rovers victory over Dover.
Tom Bolarinwa's first-half strike earned Accrington victory over Grimsby in the National League.
Kenya's presidential election has been postponed because of a large number of spoiled ballots.
Russian police have carried out raids on the headquarters of the so-called Aumara cult in Moscow, state media say.
Kenya's Yvonne Sumungwa won the women's 10,000m gold medal at the World Para-athletics Championships in London.
A 70-year-old man has been reunited with a classic car he has owned for more than 50 years.
Laura Pavey became the first British woman to win a gold medal at the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
Tens of thousands of applications for the Northern Ireland Executive's Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme have been made.
The man who murdered his ex-girlfriend has been found guilty of her murder.
A new helmet designed to protect batsman Phillip Hughes has been unveiled.
Mae Cereddydd wedi cael ei marwolaeth yn ddydd Caerdydd yn gael Pesticcio ar y blaen wedi ffraeo'n gan achosi ei fywyd.
Millwall reached the League Two play-off semi-finals for the first time with victory over Bradford.
A man has been jailed for four years for illegally dumping rubbish on a dual carriageway.
A new species of reptile has been discovered in Madagascar.
China's state-owned mobile phone firm Qualcomm has been fined $1.5bn (£1.2bn) by the country's anti-dumping agency.
Former Lille striker Pierre Renard has been appointed as Morocco's new national coach for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Gordon Gordon is the best left-back in Scotland, according to Gordon McInnes.
Ed Sheeran's Uptown Funk has topped the UK singles chart for the first time.
The number of students taking A-levels in England's poorest boroughs is at its lowest level, according to a new report.
Emmerdale has been named best soap at the BBC Television Awards.
Dozens of cannabis plants have been seized in a raid on a former cinema in West Sussex.
The National Union of Mineworkers (NUW) has called for the Home Office to review its immigration policy.
The head of a Cardiff university has said he is "very concerned" about allegations of fraud.
A Canadian man has been arrested after a US border patrol officer fired a gun at a man trying to smuggle drugs into the US.
The wreckage of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket that crashed off the coast of Tresco has been found.
The mother of Caylee Jackson, who drowned in a Florida swimming pool, has said she has no regrets about her decision to appeal against her conviction.
South Korea and North Korea have agreed to pay millions of dollars in wages to workers at a South Korean factory.
Manchester City have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate training information.
A nursery worker has been charged with sexual offences at a nursery in Birmingham.
Millions of people in North Yorkshire and Lincolnshire are worried about their finances, according to a new survey.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they lost 2-1 to Slovakia in their opening game of the tournament.
A prosthetic prosthetic hand has been stolen from a student.
Gary Neville has accepted the offer of Gary Neville to replace Gary Neville as Valencia manager.
A dog has been saved after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt.
The White House says it is investigating reports that hackers have accessed the personal information of US government employees.
The German Bundesbank has called for the country's state pension age to be raised to the age of 65.
Harlequins have signed former England Under-19 and Under-20 hooker James Devonian on a two-year deal.
Britain's Marianne Vos became the first woman to win the British Cycling Women's Tour de France.
Traffic has resumed on the M74 in Lurgan following a crash involving a car and a lorry.
The winner of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award will be announced in Leeds later.
The Northern Ireland Executive's new press secretary has been removed from his post, the BBC has learned.
Two teenagers have been taken to hospital after being injured in a bonfire in Fife.
World number one Novak Djokovic, world number one Roger Federer and world number two Johanna Konta are among the world's most successful tennis players.
Human remains could be found in a Gwynedd seaside village, experts have said.
Scarlets beat Cardiff Blues to reach the quarter-finals of the Pro12.
The death of a senior Iranian army officer in Syria has raised questions about the role of Iran in the war against Islamic State (IS).
World number one Ian Poulter missed out on a share of the lead after the final round of the WGC-Dell Match Play in Paris.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the race to become the UK's next prime minister.
Two Pembrokeshire cities have been shortlisted for the UK City of Culture competition.
Lloyds Banking Group (LBS) has announced that it is to return to public ownership.
The strongest typhoon in China's history, Chanzhom, has made landfall in northern China, state media report.
Scientists say they have discovered a new way of linking DNA and RNA.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Kenyatta looks at the challenges facing the country.
More than 100 people have been arrested in the US state of Missouri in connection with protests by Native American protesters.
The father of a boy who went missing from a military base in Japan has apologised for his actions.
A cancer patient who carried the Olympic flame has said he has received more than 8,000 "friend requests" on Facebook.
Northampton Town striker Jack Toney says he is ready to take on the challenge of playing in the Premier League.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences at London's Heathrow Airport.
A man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death.
A huge drug trafficking ring has been dismantled in the US state of Arizona, officials say.
Nottingham Forest have signed Nottingham Forest defender Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia has overtaken the US as the world's largest sovereign wealth fund, according to a report by the World Bank.
A woman has been found guilty of carrying a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Spain's biggest private equity firm, Fosun, has said it is in advanced talks to buy Italian fashion retailer Espirito Espirito Santo.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at a cancer patient who has been diagnosed with a terminal tumour.
Derbyshire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets to reach the County Championship quarter-finals for the first time.
Saracens full-back Matt Barritt says he is relishing the prospect of playing in the Premiership again.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Ukraine has been found not guilty of murder.
It's been a busy week for Northern Ireland's newspapers.
One of Shakespeare's most famous plays has been translated into English for the first time.
An Inverness woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike crash in Vietnam has regained consciousness.
Mae'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol yn yr etholiad cyffredinol eleni yn dweud fel arall.
Jockey Michael Moore will miss the rest of the year as he recovers from a back injury.
Planning permission has been granted for a new bus stop for travellers travelling to Lincolnshire.
The former head of the troubled Bank of Spain, Luis Rato, has gone on trial in Spain charged with fraud and money laundering.
Former Cheltenham jockey John McCoy has been honoured with a statue of him at the Festival.
The former leader of the Ulster Unionist Party, Plum Smith, has died at the age of 83.
Six Russian athletes have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after being found guilty of doping.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has met Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo.
A man's body has been found in a sinkhole in Bedfordshire.
Russia has sent its first anti-ship missiles to the Baltic Sea region of Kaliningrad, the defence ministry says.
Centre Sam Hopkins has signed a new two-year deal with Super League side Warrington Wolves.
Oxford United extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to eight points with victory over Oxford.
A new virtual GP consultation system has been developed in Aberdeen.
It's been a year since the first digital film was released.
A giant panda has been photographed taking a selfie on a railway line.
Leeds United head coach Francesco Cellino says he does not want to see any of his players travelling to the club's matches.
A former Hull City Council councillor has appeared in court charged with possessing indecent images of children.
British fashion chain H&M has announced plans to open three new stores in Europe in the coming months.
The winner of the world's largest garden competition has been announced.
A video-streaming website has been named as the winner of the Bafta Children's Book Awards.
It's been a busy week for football in Europe.
The Bank of England's annual stress test on the UK's banking sector will be held in London later this month.
Paris St-Germain have signed Brazilian striker Marquinhos for an undisclosed fee.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a bridge collapsed on the M4.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a house in Inverness.
The mother of a man accused of trying to shoot US President Donald Trump has said she fears for her son.
Apple has been accused of breaching its terms of engagement with publishers of its new RSS app.
More needs to be done to tackle bullying on social media, Wales' education minister has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug has been found not to have been seriously injured.
More than 100 people have been evacuated from a house in West Lothian after a rubbish bin was set alight.
Pakistan says it has carried out air strikes against militant groups in the north-western province of Balochistan.
US President Donald Trump's White House has been ordered to reveal the names of more than 1,000 foreign visitors who have visited the White House.
A new species of snake has been discovered in the northern part of the Mekong Delta.
A man who forced his way into a woman's face and tried to rape her has been jailed for three years.
Scientists say they have developed a way to miniaturise the body's nerves to control insulin levels.
A three-year-old boy has died after being hit by a motorcycle in central London.
Police are searching for a man who has been missing for more than a week in Ayrshire.
The Scottish Parliament's shadow cabinet has been removed from the shadow cabinet, the Speaker has said.
A private equity firm has said it is no longer interested in buying Alliance Alliance, the owner of Alliance Trust.
George Keatley scored a hat-trick as Edinburgh beat Munster to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower on Friday, dragged down by shares in Reckitt Benckiser.
Shares in Russia have risen more than 5% in the wake of the collapse of Ukraine's gas pipeline.
Ipswich Town defender Berra McCarthy is the best defender in the Championship, according to manager Paul McCarthy.
Formula 1 teams will not be able to use a "halo-like" structure in their cars until the end of the season, the team's chief executive has said.
Lium has been found to increase the lifespan of fruit flies, a study suggests.
A group of children who were held in the UK as part of the so-called "Jungle" migrant camp are to be moved to a temporary home.
Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Carlos Isturiz has called for a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro's government.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has called for a three-month extension to the length of the Premiership season.
Winds of up to 80mph are expected to hit parts of Northern Ireland on Thursday, the National Grid has said.
Omar Yousafzai, the UN children's rights chief, has said she is "devastated" by the plight of girls abducted by Boko Haram militants.
Glamorgan beat Derbyshire by eight wickets in a rain-affected first day at Glamorgan.
A man has been found dead in a street in central London.
A ferry bound for Scotland has been forced to cancel all sailings due to a fault in its engine.
The Metropolitan Police (MPS) has said it is "deeply disappointed" by the decision by a senior police officer to drop a rape investigation.
Tunisia's hopes of qualifying for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations have been dealt a blow by the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
England thrashed France to reach the semi-finals of the European Championship for the second year in a row.
A 16-year-old boy has been selected to compete in taekwondo for the first time.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a six-month jail term for a student who sexually assaulted a fellow student.
Plans for a new visitor centre at the Royal Victoria and Albert Museum have been unveiled.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) has won a majority in the Holyrood election.
A fire has broken out at a former railway station in Gwynedd.
Fleetwood Town have signed former Blackburn Rovers striker Matt Smith on a two-year deal.
The family of former police and crime commissioner Anglesea have been asked to hand over documents relating to his conviction for historical sex offences.
The National Farmers' Federation (NFU) has voted to stay in the European Union.
French actress Morgan Morgan has died at the age of 83.
The UN refugee agency (UNHCR) has held its first meeting of the year in Geneva.
The opening date for a new bridge in Fife has been delayed by more than a year.
A major sinkhole has been discovered in Manchester city centre.
A new £10m university has been officially opened in Scarborough.
Work is under way to restore the Gwynedd Canal to its former glory.
The world's biggest fast-food chain, Gourmet Burger, has announced plans to expand in the UK.
Hibernian manager Derek Duffy has been given a three-match ban for his part in a fracas with manager Brendan Rodgers.
England beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the World Twenty20.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is one of the most successful games in the world.
Olympic champion Bradley Wiggins has become the first Briton to win two Olympic gold medals.
Two of the world's most successful catamaran teams have been knocked out of the America's Cup qualifiers.
The Scottish Rugby Union (SARU) has told BBC Scotland that the Pro12 is in danger of collapse.
Charles Darwin was one of Britain's most famous scientists.
Scarlets maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Leinster.
The UK has launched a campaign to celebrate the 100th anniversary of Shakespeare's death.
US President Barack Obama has called for $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in federal funds to help police in Ferguson, Missouri.
Belfast-based aircraft maker Bombardier has announced it has expanded its Belfast factory.
Schools in Los Angeles and New York have been evacuated following a threat of a mass shooting.
Northern Ireland reached the semi-finals of the Uefa Women's World Cup with a 2-1 victory over Spain in Belfast.
Northern Ireland international Dustin Berg has joined the Belfast Giants on a two-year deal.
Virgin Media has admitted to misleading customers about the number of new homes it has completed.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect delays on some of the busiest routes in the UK.
Removing the UK from the European Union would not make a difference to the UK's economy, a think tank has said.
Roman Bogdanov has said he was "devastated" to be found guilty of indecently assaulting a woman on stage.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a cheese festival in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Bill Gates, the founder of Microsoft, has donated more than $1.5bn (£1.2bn) to charity.
The leader of UKIP has said he will not stand in the race to become the party's next leader.
When you're pregnant, it's easy to forget that your body is bigger than your own.
Britain's Laura Meililme set a new world record in the women's 100m freestyle at the European Swimming Championships in Lithuania.
Bristol City extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over Ipswich.
A 19-year-old rugby player has been suspended by the Welsh Rugby Union.
Business confidence in the UK's manufacturing sector has fallen, according to a survey by the CBI.
West Ham fans have voted in favour of a Women's FA Cup semi-final at Upton Park.
More than a third of people in Scotland say they feel anxious about their welfare reforms, according to a study.
Two accountants have been suspended after their names were mistakenly written in the wrong envelope at the Oscars.
Workers at Tata Steel's Tata Steel plant in Powys have said they are worried about the company's future.
Theresa May has said the UK will not be able to negotiate a trade deal with the EU until the formal Brexit process is complete.
The European Union has released a list of more than 100 people it says it has banned from Russia.
Two rival gangs in Honduras say they have signed a truce.
The founder of GoPro has said the company's quadcopter has become the "world's fastest-growing commercial drone".
Plans to cut the cost of school transport in Dumfries and Galloway have been scrapped.
Rory McIlroy has become the first European golfer to win a PGA Tour title.
Councils in England are facing more than £1bn of cuts over the next five years, a committee of MPs has said.
Newcastle boss Sam Allardyce says his side will fight to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
A snooker player who defrauded a player out of more than £10,000 has been jailed for three years.
A case against a woman accused of sex offences against a 13-year-old boy has been dropped.
The Android operating system has been updated for the first time in more than a decade.
A woman who took a drug to kill her baby has been jailed for life.
England beat West Indies by eight wickets in the third one-day international to maintain their hopes of qualifying for the World Twenty20.
Paralympic javelin throwers should be stripped of their records under proposals being considered by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
Emergency departments in Cornwall and Somerset have been placed on a "black alert" by the NHS.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will meet the Dalai Lama at the end of his visit to China.
Josh McAllister scored twice as Eastleigh extended their unbeaten run to five games with victory over Aldershot.
A number of cars have been vandalised in Edinburgh, police have said.
Flooding in parts of New South Wales has killed at least eight people and left more than 100 missing, officials say.
The US space agency, Final Frontier, is one of the world's most successful companies.
Italian police say they have arrested dozens of members of a mafia-linked group suspected of stealing more than $1m (£1m) from a religious centre.
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his wife after posting a picture of her on Facebook.
Saracens full-back Jack Cudd has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
The number of private ambulances operating in London has increased by more than a third in the last five years, according to new figures.
India's Supreme Court has ordered telecoms firm Vodafone to pay more than $2bn (Â£1bn) in tax after a court ruled that it should not be taxed.
When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer took over as Manchester United manager at the end of the 2015-16 season, it was a huge success.
Japan's Nikkei index has closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) cut its key interest rate.
The future of Casement Park in Londonderry needs to be improved, according to a report.
A new bike rental scheme in Dumfries and Galloway has been cancelled.
The family of Joel Richards, one of the victims of the Tunisia beach attack, have paid tribute to the footballer.
The father of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has accused Malaysia of trying to kill him with a nerve agent.
Two teenagers who stole a vicar's car and stole her car have been given suspended sentences.
Saracens scrum-half Scott Hamilton has been ruled out of Scotland's squad for the Six Nations with a knee injury.
Great Britain won the men's and women's 400m steeplechase gold medals at the Commonwealth Games in London.
A Cincinnati zoo has removed the gorilla Harambe from its exhibit.
China's economy shrank by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A new type of lithium-ion battery has been developed by Cambridge University.
Leicester City boss Claudio Ranieri says he has no intention of leaving the club.
The first female bishop in the Church of England has been elected.
Oldham Athletic maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Wigan Athletic.
Swindon Town have cancelled their pre-season friendly against Mansfield Town.
The brother of a woman who was stabbed to death in Dundee has appeared in court charged with her murder.
The Royal Mail has painted rowing post boxes in Hertfordshire in honour of the success of the Great Britain team.
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England in Dhaka on day two of the third Test.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted in favour of a 24-hour strike.
A fireworks display is to take place on the Forth Bridge in Fife.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US will not abandon its commitment to the European Union.
Plans to reduce flooding in parts of the UK have been criticised by a group of environmental experts.
Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a broken bone.
A seagull has been shot in the head with a pellet gun in the Scottish Borders.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by strong economic data from China.
Police in the western Indian state of Gujarat say they are investigating a spate of attacks on Dalit Muslims.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair and former News International chief executive Paul Gascoigne have agreed to pay more than £1m to victims of the phone hacking scandal.
Scientists say they have found a way to control the behaviour of butterflies.
The University of Edinburgh has invested £1m in a new high-performance computer.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has called for the lifting of the country's death penalty.
A World War Two aircraft has been put up for sale on Gumtree.
The leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected.
Thousands of surfers have braved the waves of Storm Nazarene in the Atlantic Ocean.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Belgium beat Norway to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup.
Hibernian manager Pedro Caixinha says he wants his players to achieve their goals this season.
Millions of students are leaving Northern Ireland because of a lack of jobs, according to the University of Northern Ireland.
Work has begun on a huge steel shield to protect the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
A police investigation into the crash which claimed the life of Team Sky rider Chris Froome has been suspended.
A new system of planning in Northern Ireland has come into effect.
A historic mill in West Yorkshire has been destroyed in a fire.
Tens of thousands of runners' jerseys have been hung in Cambridgeshire for the Tour de France, it has been claimed.
India's chief religious officer has criticised a Hindu temple for refusing to allow women to enter its sanctum sanctorum.
A woman accused of sexually abusing two girls in Sheffield has told a court she felt "like a child".
The father of a baby girl who was found dead in a bus stop has said he was "devastated" to find her.
The head of the UK Independence Party has been photographed sitting in the middle of a curry.
An Australian Antarctic research vessel has been refloated after it capsized off the coast of Tasmania.
A lifeboat crew has been called off after a boat capsized off Larne, County Londonderry.
Barclays, Santander and Santander have been ordered by the US Federal Reserve to carry out a major review of their finances.
A crowdfunding page set up to raise money for the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has raised more than £1m.
Morrisons supermarket chain Ocado has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.8m for the first half of the year.
Wales' hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup have been boosted by the success of their Euro 2016 campaign, according to goalkeeper Scott Gunter.
The Irish government has met representatives of the UK and Irish exporters to discuss the issue of border controls.
A large unexploded unexploded World War Two flare has been found on a beach in West Sussex.
Laura Adderley became the first Scottish squash player to reach the semi-finals of the Scottish National Squash Championships.
Gordon Matheson has been appointed as the city mayor of Strathclyde.
Gunmen have shot dead a police officer in Helmand province, officials say.
The number of school leavers in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to new figures.
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that there will be a "great and complex" future of science in the Universe.
England's Tommy Fleetwood shot a four-under-par 65 to move into the lead at the Wells Fargo Championship.
A picture of a Muslim woman in a headscarf has been found to be more discriminatory than a photo of a Turkish woman.
Lewis Hamilton says he needs to fix his car's problems in the first two races of the season.
Thousands of people have marched through Mexico's capital, Ciudad Juarez, to protest against a new law banning same-sex marriage.
Three men have been arrested following a police operation at the Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Aberdeen.
A man has been jailed for life for raping a woman he met online.
The number of people in England owning a home has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a new report.
The family of a soldier who was shot dead at a military barracks in Surrey have said they are "devastated and devastated".
Singapore's King Bhumibol Adulyadej has become embroiled in a long-running feud with his brother, Lee Hsien Loong.
Dundee students have created a handbag that can be used as a mobile phone.
Two men have been charged with historical sexual abuse at a former school.
Harlequins have signed loosehead prop Jamie Jackson on a two-year deal.
Worcestershire's County Championship game against Kent has been postponed because of a lack of rain.
At least 30 people have been rescued from a cargo ship that capsized off the Spanish island of Balearic Islands.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim have returned to the scene of the crime.
A Ceredigion-based takeaway chain has been cleared of mislabelling frozen food.
In the early 1980s, Canadian businessman Paul Godin was working as a computer programmer in Montreal.
A £1m Lotto jackpot has been stolen from a house in Denbighshire.
The Greek ambassador to Turkey has been accused of illegally selling goods to migrants in the Turkish port of Bodrum.
UKIP leader Paul Coburn has said he has no intention of quitting the party.
Oscar-winning actor Eddie Redmayne has signed up to play Einar in a new film.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan suffered a shock defeat in the first round of the World Grand Prix in Ceredigion.
A cancer patient has become the first person in the UK to wear cancer-fighting blue badges on the Tube.
Two former Featherstone Rovers players who tested positive for a banned steroid have been given more time to improve their performance.
Nigeria's capital, Lagos, has been closed to the public for the first time in more than a year.
Linfield fought back from 2-0 down to beat Linfield and move to within three points of the League One play-off places.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at why so many people are afraid to talk about dying.
Rangers have raised more than £22m in the first day of the takeover of the Scottish Premiership club.
India's state of Chhattisgarh has imposed a ban on the consumption of meat and vegetarian dishes.
The editor of the Sunday Times, Adrian Gill, has died aged 83.
Mark Allen has signed a new three-year contract with Scottish Premiership side Rangers.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel has been in the headlines for a long time.
Archaeological carvings have been found at a site in Cumbria dating back to the Bronze Age.
World number one Jason Casey shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the Travelers Championship in Connecticut.
Aberdeen striker Abdul Karim's dream of playing in the Scottish Championship has come true.
More than half of councils in Wales are planning to raise council tax next year, according to a new report.
The owner of a private ambulance firm has said he has been told he has not been paid for his services.
Leigh Morgan has signed a new three-year contract with French club Lyon.
Olympic slalom gold medallist Jade Cheshire says she is "devastated" after failing to reach the semi-finals of the World Championships in Pyeongchang.
Flyweight Lucy Adams says she is "disappointed" that the World Boxing Organization (WBO) will not allow women's bouts to take longer.
Valencia reached the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Sevilla in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final.
Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu has said the country is ready to expand its military presence in Crimea.
It's that time of year again.
Ludwig, the German bulldog, is one of the world's best-loved animals.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has lost control of Northern Ireland's political institutions, the BBC has learned.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has resigned.
The number of people with type 1 diabetes in Wales has reached a record high, a charity has said.
Ipswich Town have signed former Celtic midfielder Tomasz Grzelzel on a season-long loan deal.
Members of the Unilever (Unilever) network have said they are "very concerned" about the future of ATMs in the UK.
Malaysia's prime minister, Najib Razak, has been accused of receiving millions of dollars from Saudi Arabia during last year's election campaign.
Anthony Blackwell says he will not allow himself to be affected by the loss of his IBF world middleweight title to Anthony Eubank Jr.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,000 life jackets for migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean.
A man has been banned from attending football matches at Southend's Roots Hall.
The Adcock have become the first British team to win the men's and women's doubles titles at the European Championships.
Shrewsbury's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by fellow strugglers Manchester United.
Poland's Robert Lewandowski was sent off in the first half of their Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania in Bucharest.
A school in Australia has won a competition to design a new park.
A deal has been reached to resolve a dispute over the minimum wage on ferries operating between Northern Ireland and Scotland.
Ospreys have signed Ospreys scrum-half George North on loan until the end of the season.
Jockey Richard Ackerman has been banned from racing for three years after being found guilty of betting on a horse with the drug Adderall.
A new Nato military mission in Afghanistan has been officially launched.
A member of a German opposition party has been seriously injured when he was hit by a car.
A man has died and a woman has been seriously injured in a crash in Oxfordshire.
The first minister of Wales has accused the UK government of trying to persuade people to stay in the European Union.
Former England batsman Paul Downton has been appointed as the new head of the England Cricket Board.
The parents of a teenager who died after being caught speeding have called for tougher penalties for dangerous drivers.
Two sheep have been rescued from a house in Londonderry.
The Greek government has announced a series of reforms aimed at making it more efficient and tax-efficient.
Plans to redevelop Gloucester Prison have been unveiled.
Pop star Laura Cotton has announced her retirement from Radio 1.
Bath fly-half Dan Watson faces a three-match ban after being charged with dangerous conduct.
Woking striker Dan Holman extended his unbeaten run in the National League to eight games with a hat-trick against Cheltenham.
Archaeologists in China say they have found more than 1,000 pieces of paper from a popular board game.
Rangers defender Alex Alves says it would have been better if he had played more European football.
China's inflation rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years, official figures show.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" Jazz Richards has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
A rocket that crashed during a test flight in California last week has been found to be the cause of the crash.
Iraqi forces have recaptured the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS).
Bumblebees are more likely to be affected by pesticides, according to new research.
A new research centre has been set up in the Republic of Ireland.
The pyramids of Egypt's ancient capital, Alexandria, have been found to have been heating up during the day, officials say.
A police cordon has been imposed after a suspected unexploded World War Two nuclear device was found in a quarry.
A man has been arrested in connection with the kidnap and murder of Jessica Ayling.
TV pranks have become a popular form of entertainment during the holy month of Ramadan.
Canadian carmaker General Motors has announced plans to invest $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in its Canadian operations.
The funeral of former Toronto mayor Rob Ford has taken place.
A fox has been rescued from the engine of a car after being trapped in the engine compartment.
The Scottish accent is no longer extinct, according to a new study.
Plans for a new cathedral in Guildford have been given the go-ahead.
Aileen Rizo is one of Hollywood's most successful actresses.
(Close): Wall Street's leading shares closed lower on Friday, despite a rise in the price of oil.
Unpaid internships should be banned in England and Wales, according to a think tank.
The Scottish government has announced it will invest more than £1m in renewable energy projects.
A mother-of-two has admitted trying to smuggle drugs into the UK in a van, a court has heard.
Cuba has been one of the world's most powerful democracies for more than half a century.
England captain Alastair Cook has been described as "one of the greatest players in the world" by former captain Darren Clarke.
The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat was shot in the leg with an airgun.
A rainbow flag has been flown in the Republic of Ireland's capital, Belfast.
A member of the European Parliament has been appointed as a special representative to the European Commission.
HBO has said it has been hacked by hackers claiming to be the creators of Game of Thrones.
Police are investigating allegations of sexual abuse by children's charity Kids Kids.
Oscar-winning actor Freddie Freeman is to receive a lifetime achievement award from the American Academy of Film and Television Arts (AFI).
A man has been arrested in Crawley, police have said.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been rated "fit for purpose" by the European Central Bank (ECB).
Passengers on the Isle of Wight ferry have been told they will no longer be allowed to board the vessel at the same time.
Leeds Rhinos have signed Leeds Rhinos full-back Sam Simon on a two-year deal.
A new form of divorce law has come into force in England and Wales.
An endangered bird of prey has returned to a Scottish reserve for the first time in more than a decade.
How do you feel when you're online?
Russia's ambassador to New York has said she has spoken to Jewish voters about the US presidential election.
London Underground has apologised after a fire broke out at Oxford Circus station.
Egyptian police and soldiers have been accused of sexual violence against women and girls, a report says.
Leicester City striker Jamie Griffiths says he wants to win the Premier League title for the first time in his career.
Unemployment in the UK has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, official figures show.
An advert for Derren Brown's latest TV show has been found to have been "unacceptable" by Ofcom.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the men's 100m breaststroke at the World Swimming Championships.
Police in Australia have been searching the internet for a man they believe to be the creator of a paedophile website.
A Chinese man has been living in a space capsule for the first time.
A Canadian man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks in the Canadian city of Winnipeg.
Dundee United have signed former Kilmarnock defender Jack Murdoch on a season-long loan deal.
Two bodies have been found in the eastern Libyan city of Tripoli, officials say.
British Paralympic gold medallist Jade Lucas won her second regatta of the year with victory in the final day of the World Para-athletics Championships.
Chancellor George Johnson has called for the introduction of contracts for university lecturers.
India says it will appeal against the death sentence given to a Pakistani intelligence officer for spying.
At least 22 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack in the Somali capital Mogadishu, officials say.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being robbed at knifepoint in Belfast city centre.
The number of dog fighting offences in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to the RSPCA.
More than 100 people have appeared in court in Myanmar's capital, Naypyitaw, charged with human rights violations.
A Christian school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted over its refusal to allow a female head teacher to sit in its classrooms.
A man who raped and sexually abused a 13-year-old girl has been jailed for 12 years.
Cambridge United reached the third round of the League Two play-offs with victory over Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.
Cardiff striker Bruno has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a hamstring injury.
Teachers in England and Wales are facing a "financial crisis" unless they pay more, a union has warned.
Drilling at a Lancashire shale gas mine has been suspended, the company has said.
A collection of paintings by Italian master Antonio Caravaggio has gone on display at the Scottish National Gallery.
Apple has said it will make two-factor authentication available to all users of its iCloud account.
The family of Marie Colvin have filed a lawsuit against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
A three-year-old boy died after being attacked by a dog, an inquest has heard.
Sportscotland has said it is "devastated" by the government's decision to cut funding for the sport.
Women who eat too much fat during pregnancy are more likely to develop obesity, a study suggests.
A collection of Bronze Age weapons has been discovered on the edge of Loch Arran in Argyll.
A 15-year-old boy has been assaulted on a Glasgow train.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested in Spain after police seized more than 1,000 computer files.
Beyonce has topped the list of the best-selling female artists in the world, according to Forbes magazine.
Brazil striker Pele's World Cup medal has been sold at auction for more than £1m.
Indonesia's prime minister has apologised to Australia over allegations it spied on its citizens.
Syrian government forces have fired tear gas into rebel-held areas in the north-eastern province of Aleppo, activists say.
Organic farming has been found to increase the number of wild birds in the wild, according to a new study.
Thousands of music fans have signed a letter calling on the government to crack down on ticket-selling practices.
The government has raised the UK's interest rate from 0.25% to 0.5% for the first time since the financial crisis.
The global bond market has fallen sharply in the wake of US President-elect Donald Trump's election victory.
Tesco has reported better-than-expected pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
Singer Sam Smith has been fined £10,000 for driving over the speed limit in Dorset.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench has said she has "no idea" if she will ever be able to read again.
A bus driver has been arrested after it crashed into a pile of muck on a farm.
A partial solar eclipse has taken place in parts of the world.
Plans for a universal basic income (UBI) in Wales have been criticised by a leading academic.
Two Wrexham hospitals have been upgraded to "outstanding" from "inadequate".
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have made it to the top of the party's list of priorities for the general election.
Plans for a new nuclear power plant in Tynyn Tynn have been given the go-ahead.
Parliament Speaker John Bercow has approved the appointment of David Natzler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
A mother-of-two from Wokingham, Lancashire, has said she is considering moving to the UK.
Tunisian voters have elected a new president for the first time.
Dundee United have rejected a bid from Partick Thistle for former Dundee United striker Paul Erskine.
Tax experts have said they are "disappointed" that some of the world's biggest companies are using tax havens to avoid paying taxes.
The introduction of the HPV vaccine in Scotland has reduced the risk of cervical cancer, according to new research.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says the club's sacking by Aston Villa was a "mistake".
A German man who was deported to Nazi Germany in World War Two has filed a legal challenge against Canada's decision to strip him of his citizenship.
Scotland has the lowest level of digital skills in the world, according to a new report.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected US jobs figures.
A man who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for life.
Formula 1 drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg are to be banned from all races after a collision at the Austrian Grand Prix.
Vladimir Putin's government has lifted a ban on access to pornographic websites in Russia.
A Grade II listed building in London has been named in a list of the UK's most historic buildings.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new prime minister.
France's far-right National Front (FN) party leader Marine Le Pen has announced she will step down, French media report.
Wales scrum-half Lee Francis says he is ready to fight for his place in Saturday's Six Nations semi-final against England.
A man has been taken to hospital after being assaulted at a bank in Denbighshire.
The future of a vulnerable railway line in Devon could be at risk, according to a new study.
Southeastern rail has said it will pay compensation to passengers affected by cracks in the Severn Tunnel.
Thousands of Glastonbury fans have taken to the streets to protest against the removal of their favourite band from the Pyramid Stage.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has written to First Minister Arlene Foster asking her to clarify the language she uses to discuss Brexit.
For the first time in my career, I am writing about the future of business news.
League Two side Bristol Rovers have signed striker Leighton Christensen and striker Cauley Wood.
When she was pregnant with her first child, she had no idea she had Down's syndrome.
A man who posted a picture of a "green monster" on eBay has said he is "devastated" it has sold for more than £1,000.
A former trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty to rigging interest rates.
England international Joe Arundel has signed a new two-year contract with Hull FC.
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England have been criticised by a leading doctor.
Paralympic triathlete Helen Stanford should be included in Great Britain's triathlon team for the Rio Olympics, says former world champion Helen Stanford.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to lead a major investigation into the sale of property in Northern Ireland.
The founder of SpaceX, Elon Musk, has announced plans to launch a rocket into space for the first time.
A conservation group has lost a legal challenge against the Scottish government's plans to build two offshore wind farms.
A man has been found guilty of raping two teenage girls at a police station in Edinburgh.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a street.
The conflict in South Sudan has been described as a war of words between the two countries.
Dundee manager Derek McInnes says his side are capable of reaching the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
A Staffordshire bull has been made the official mascot of the regiment.
Islamic State (IS) militants have carried out a suicide attack on a mosque in central Baghdad, officials say.
The number of people binge-watching TV has more than doubled in the past five years, according to a new report from Collins.
Brazil coach Michel Scolari has been sacked by the Brazilian Football Federation (CBF).
The price of some of the world's best-selling cancer medicines has risen by more than 50% in the past five years, a study has found.
Kenya's opposition leader, Julius Nyerere, has been named as the winner of a competition to elect a new president.
A yellow "be aware" warning has been issued for parts of the Highlands and Islands.
Oscar-winning actress Olivia Terry has been appointed as the new artistic director of the Shakespearean Globe.
A mother and her two-year-old daughter have been missing for more than a week.
Lion Babe, one of the UK's best-known dance bands, has been given the freedom to wear clothes.
A Banksy mural has gone on display for the first time.
The Chinese city of Macau has reported a sharp drop in the number of tourists visiting its casinos.
Indian writers have called for a boycott of the Sahitya Akademi, the country's leading literary body.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a Derbyshire university.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of missing businessman Ian Warburton was found in Swansea.
Britain's Chris Yates maintained his lead at the top of the Tour de France with victory in the final stage.
Sam Allardyce has announced he will retire from international football at the end of the season.
Arsenal reached the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Hull at Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung, accusing the Chinese tech giant of infringing its patents.
The death of Col Muammar Gaddafi, the son of the late leader of Libya's armed forces, has been described as an act of defiance by the international community.
A 13-year-old girl has been seriously injured after a car she was travelling in crashed into a tree.
Scotland's finance minister has said he is "disappointed" that no agreement has been reached on new powers to devolve powers to the Scottish government.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has accused China of increasing its military presence in the South China Sea.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "devastated" by the government's decision to postpone a vote on changes to the Hunting Act.
Jeremy Corbyn has called for an independent inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire to be launched by the end of the year.
Ospreys have signed Ospreys scrum-half Brian Mujati on a two-year deal.
A British climber who went missing on a mountain in Vietnam has been found safe and well, his family has said.
The funeral of former Leeds Rhinos chairman Harry Jepson has taken place.
A female giant panda, Tian Tian Tian, has been born at Edinburgh Zoo.
The RSPB has launched a campaign to find a national bird to represent the UK in the general election.
Police in Austria have arrested a man they believe to be a replica of Adolf Hitler.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died in a house fire.
London Tube lines have been shut following a huge fire at a block of flats in central London.
England captain Joe Root is a "natural leader", says former England batsman Michael Anderson.
When the US telecoms regulator, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), announced its net neutrality rules last week, the internet was in a state of flux.
Burnley moved up to third in the Championship with victory over Blackburn Rovers.
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to invest £1.5bn in a new range of cars.
Dagenham & Redbridge maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Eastleigh.
Jon Stead's second-half equaliser earned Hartlepool victory over Notts County.
A man has died after being stabbed at a nightclub.
One of the world's oldest trees has been named as the winner of this year's World Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died and three girls have been taken to hospital after falling into the sea off Harwyn.
More than 1,000 jobs have been lost at a recycling plant in Londonderry.
Jellies from the Lion's Mane jellyfish have been found on Anglesey.
A woman who was stabbed to death in a Coventry flat was murdered by her boyfriend, a court has heard.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have given birth to a baby girl.
Ospreys scrum-half Joe Thornton says being named in Ospreys' squad for Saturday's Six Nations match against Samoa has been a "dream come true".
A review of a council's plan to build more than 1,000 new homes in Durham has been refused.
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) is failing to deal with the growing number of people who have been refused permission to leave the country, a senior inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has topped Forbes' list of the world's most influential women.
A man has been found guilty of stealing sheep from a farm in Powys.
A new exhibition celebrating the work of the author William Blake has opened in London.
Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the US presidency, is a threat to global stability, the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) and Deutsche Boerse have agreed to merge.
In our series of letters from Russian journalists, writer and columnist Maria Bobkova looks at the benefits of a traditional Russian massage.
Satellite TV provider Sky has launched a new mobile phone service.
Australia's richest man, Alan Joyce, has said he will stand up for same-sex marriage.
Swansea City's poor start to the season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Hull.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Lewis Hamilton set a new world championship record as he took pole position at the Austrian Grand Prix.
The family of six-year-old Kayden, who died last week, have been living in the same house for more than a year.
The leader of a Carmarthenshire council has said she is "disappointed" a Labour councillor has been suspended.
Rangers maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over St Johnstone at Ibrox.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the key issues facing Republican presidential hopefuls.
A man who died after being shot at a house in Bedfordshire has been named by police.
Chelsea striker Terry says he has no plans to leave the Premier League club.
Defender Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Sale beat Wasps to move to within three points of the Premiership leaders.
Lewis Hamilton is one of the world's most successful drivers.
The Indian army says it is continuing to search for survivors of a mudslide that swept through a village in the southern state of Tamil Nadu.
American sprinter Justin Gatlin has set a new world record in the 400m hurdles.
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has defended his decision to spend more than $2m (£1.5m) on a luxury plane.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has called for an independent inquiry into human rights abuses in the Indian-administered Kashmir.
The trial of a man convicted of murdering a woman in Argyll has been filmed.
Katie Hopkins has apologised to the family of Hamza Mahmood after they were wrongly accused of being members of the Islamic State group.
A sculpture by Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has been criticised by Lego after it refused to sell it.
Actress Miranda has been praised for her performance in the West End musical Annie.
Homeless people in Northampton should be allowed to sleep rough, a report has said.
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili has been in power for more than a decade.
A charity has said it has seen a rise in the number of complaints about workers in Scotland.
West Ham beat Juventus to reach the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
At least 19 people have died in a fire at a boarding school in the northern Nigerian state of Kano, officials say.
The men's and women's quadruple sculls have been announced for the 2017 World Para-athletics Championships in Florida.
Wales internationals Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have signed new two-year contracts.
Former Aston Villa defender Chris Cole has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Before the UK voted to leave the European Union, Theresa May said that the UK would not be able to trade with the rest of the world.
The sounds of the African honey bee have been revealed in a new study.
Lincoln City reached the League Two play-off quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Oldham.
The cost of the botched West Coast rail franchise has been estimated at more than £40m, a committee of MPs has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the world's most famous scientists.
Former world champion Mark Hendry has become the first British man to win a World Championship title.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Scotland looks at the challenges facing the Scottish print industry.
Plans for a tax on the NHS in the UK have been published by the Liberal Democrats.
Carrick Rangers manager Derek Ferguson says his side are capable of reaching the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
Greece has a long way to go before it is ready to leave the European Union.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire have been found at a house in Monaghan.
Parents in Denbighshire have been told to stop using a bus to get their children to school.
A Mass has been held in Glasgow to mark the 100th anniversary of the earthquake in Italy.
It's been a year since Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull took office.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg took pole position for the Italian Grand Prix as Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton finished third.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with fraud over tickets to the Brighton and Hove Arena.
China's President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the first time.
A Tamil Nadu woman has taken to social media to protest against the appointment of a woman as the party's new leader.
Six people have been arrested in connection with a landslide that killed more than 100 people in China last year.
The Scottish government could face legal action if it fails to tackle air pollution, a leading environmental group has said.
A former Cleveland police officer has been cleared of manslaughter over the deaths of a black teenager and a black woman.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of attacks in Syria's capital, Damascus, officials say.
Cornish Pirates are to be relegated to the Premiership for the 2017-18 season after agreeing to scrapping the first-past-the-post system.
Pembrokeshire and Flintshire councils are struggling to deal with the impact of rising steel prices.
It's been a busy week in the world of business.
A knife has been found at a Dumfries and Galloway primary school.
The first round of the Champion of Champions event takes place at the Barbican in Barbados on Saturday.
Red Bull have won the Australian Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
It's been a year since Scotland voted to leave the European Union.
More than 1,000 shops in Perth are to open on the first day of the week as part of a campaign to boost the city's economy.
Hampshire all-rounder Sam Dawson says he is relishing the chance to play against Moeen Ali in the T20 Blast.
The funeral of police officer Ronan Kerr has been held in the Republic of Ireland.
Lord Mulholland has announced he is stepping down as Scotland's Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
A ferry has been involved in a collision with a lorry on the Isle of Wight.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found stabbed to death at a house in South Yorkshire.
Nicola Black has been named as the UK's most-watched MP for the first time.
A terminally ill man has won a legal challenge to the UK's assisted death law.
Portugal came from behind to beat Bayern Munich and reach the semi-finals of the Champions League.
Tottenham have reached a settlement with the family of a teenager who died after being diagnosed with a heart condition.
Oscar-winning actress Helen Knight is to play a role in a new play in London's Roundabout Theatre Company.
Argentina coach Juan Cuadrado says he is in talks with Lionel Messi about a possible return to the national team.
A letter written by Canadian teenager Jackson has been stolen from his bedside table.
Michael Waites says he will not be able to use a dart again until the end of the BDO World Championship.
Wakefield Trinity full-back Sam Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
A man has been shot dead by police in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission has said.
Germany's Linden has signed a new three-year contract with German club Bayer Leverkusen.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been asked to appear before a cross-party committee to discuss the minimum wage.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he is "not a monk" despite criticism of his team's behaviour at the World Cup.
Motherwell extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to five points with victory over Dundee.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve if they are to avoid relegation from the Champions League.
The family of a woman who died in a rollercoaster accident in Australia say they are "devastated and devastated".
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence after drugs worth more than £1m were seized from his home in Edinburgh.
Swansea City have failed to find a replacement for sacked manager Martin Bielsa, reports say.
A man has been jailed for life for killing a member of a Tamil youth gang.
In our series of letters from Asian journalists, we look at the latest developments in the global financial crisis.
Three men have been jailed for sexually exploiting a teenage girl in Hertfordshire.
Chelsea striker Eden Hazard will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A man has been stabbed to death at a house in Hertfordshire.
The family of a five-year-old boy who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to him.
Bristol Rovers have ruled out the possibility of missing the rest of the season because of a broken leg.
Plans to build a bridge over the River Ebb in Gwynedd have been given the go-ahead by a public inquiry.
Garry Thompson scored twice as Morecambe came from behind to beat Cheltenham.
The number of suicides in mental health units in the UK has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Ulster reached the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship with a 3-1 victory over Connacht in Londonderry.
MSPs in Holyrood have been asked to do more to reduce the number of empty coffee cups in the chamber.
The chief medical officer of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (RCAS) has said some hospitals will not be able to perform emergency surgery during the winter months.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, is one of the world's poorest countries.
Two fishermen have been rescued after their boat capsized off the west coast of Londonderry.
World Tour de France champion Alberto Contador says he would like to defend his title at the Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore say they have foiled an attempt to sell a red sandaloon.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff, who was impeached by the lower house of Congress, has arrived in the capital, Brasilia.
Derry City extended their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership to seven points with a comfortable victory over Linfield.
A mountain rescue charity has called for urgent action to reduce the number of mountain rescues.
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of Neymar from Barcelona for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic's summer transfer window closed at the end of the month with the arrival of two new players.
The Pirate Bay, the world's largest online file-sharing website, has been hit by a cyber attack.
A British man has developed a prosthetic hand that can be used to help people with prosthetic limbs.
Francois Fillon's campaign to become France's next president has come to an end.
Plans to merge a Shropshire hospital and a neighbouring hospital have been unveiled.
Celtic manager Gordon Strachan says striker Scott Brown has been a "huge success" for the club.
China's state-owned energy company, EDF, has signed new contracts for the Hinkley Point nuclear power plant in Somerset.
A charity calling itself SSAFA has said it has seen a rise in the number of calls to its helpline.
A former Met Police officer has been jailed for four years for possessing images of paedophiles.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key questions facing the Labour Party.
Lee Selby beat Ding Junhui 6-2 to reach the Crucible semi-finals for the first time.
Scotland's Women's World Cup qualifying campaign could be "terrifying", according to midfielder Laura Evans.
The family of a 13-year-old girl who was stabbed to death at a primary school have said they are "devastated and devastated".
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says his players should be allowed to play at Wembley for the first time.
The Nepalese government has called for a ban on people from climbing the world's highest mountain, Mount Everest.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car on the M4 have called for more age-appropriate driving tests.
A US man who sexually assaulted a student at a university in Ohio has been released.
Concerns have been raised about the future of the Devon and Cornwall Railway.
A giant porcelain urinal has been installed at the Guggenheim Museum in New York.
A Scottish artist has been honoured with a special exhibition at the Scottish College of Art.
The rollout of superfast broadband in parts of Scotland has been criticised by a number of people.
Education Secretary Iain Lewis has set a new target for Wales to reach the top of the world by 2020.
Three people have been arrested in connection with a data breach at TalkTalk in India, the company has said.
Two police officers have been shot dead in the US state of Iowa.
The number of secondary school teachers in Scotland has increased by more than a third, the Scottish government has announced.
Rory McIlroy says he is relishing the prospect of playing for the United States in the Ryder Cup.
Labour leadership candidate Jeremy Corbyn has been endorsed by the Unison union.
American Jason Donald shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the PGA Championship in Hawaii.
Ireland fly-half Jamie Heaslip has been ruled out for the rest of the Six Nations with a shoulder injury.
Three councillors have been suspended by Manchester City Council over concerns about child sexual abuse.
Netflix has said it will continue to offer its content in China for the rest of the world.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes has left the club.
Greece is in the grip of its worst economic crisis since the financial crisis of 2008.
Former Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said he will not be charged with the murder of Jean McConville.
More research is needed into the health benefits of golf, according to a new study.
Catalans Dragons prop Sam Mason has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in shares in Burberry.
Muslim dating website Match Match has been hacked, the BBC has learned.
Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro has reacted angrily to US sanctions imposed on him over his role in the country's drug trade.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in west Belfast.
A novel written during the Cold War has gone on the run for more than a decade.
Tanzania's opposition leader, Julius Kikwetu, has said he will not resign over allegations of corruption.
At the end of the first day of the Conservative conference in London, Theresa May stood in front of a group of MPs.
JP Morgan Chase has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) to the US government over its role in the 2008 financial crisis.
Commonwealth Games gold medallist Becky James has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
League of Legends player SKT has won the LoL World Championship for the second year in a row.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell's second-half equaliser earned Sheffield United victory over Bury at Bramall Lane.
A man has been diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
All pictures are copyrighted.
A Belgian man has been arrested in connection with the Paris attacks, police say.
Britain's Laura Tutton won gold in the women's 100m breaststroke at the European Swimming Championships in London.
Crofters in Inverness have called on the Scottish government to offer loans to help them get into the housing market.
Salford Red Devils head coach Sam Koukash says he has no plans to sell the club.
The pound has fallen against the dollar after the Bank of England (BoE) raised interest rates for the third time this year.
Scientists say they have found a way to solve the mystery of how the Earth formed.
(Close): Japan's Nikkei index rose to a record high on Friday, boosted by strong economic data from China.
The FBI has agreed to help solve the murder of San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.
Ayr United have been given the go-ahead to design a new crest for their home game against Ayr United.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church.
A 15-year-old boy has been killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
Belfast Giants players have signed new contracts with the League Two club until the end of the season.
A six-year-old boy who died after being locked in his bedroom has told an inquest he was bullied.
A County Tyrone man has been granted bail to return to the Republic of Ireland to face terrorism charges.
A new £2.5m research centre has been set up to improve the treatment of wounds.
US President Barack Obama has reversed his stance on Syria.
Derek Foderingham says he is "disappointed" Rangers fans have reacted angrily to the club's treatment of striker Scott Sinclair.
A doctor who had been searching for Prince for more than a year failed to find him, his family has said.
Two of Edinburgh's most famous streets have been selected as part of a major regeneration project.
Belgium's parliament has voted in favour of lifting a ban on women wearing full-face veils.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car.
Former British and Irish Lions scrum-half O'Connell has been appointed as the new head coach of Munster.
Former Liberal Democrat MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has quit the party.
The number of coca trees in Colombia has reached a record high, according to a new report.
He is one of the best-known players in the world.
Harlequins have signed uncapped scrum-half Sam Warburton on loan until the end of the season.
Ivory Coast taekwondo world champion Emmanuel Cisse has been given a new home after winning gold at the Rio Olympics.
Talks to end a 24-hour strike on rail services in Sussex have been called off.
At least eight people have been killed in a blast at a steel factory in the Brazilian city of Porto Alegre, police say.
Cristiano has been growing his own cannabis for more than a decade.
A hat worn by the Duchess of Cambridge has sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
The closure of a major oil pipeline in the North Sea has been suspended.
Two British tourists have gone on trial in the United Arab Emirates accused of illegally photographing planes.
Kilmarnock have signed Danish striker Magnus Johnsen on a two-year deal.
Two sisters from Monmouthshire have joined a new monastic order.
Manchester United have a lot of work to do to get back to the top of the Premier League.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the most important issues facing the armed forces.
Wales women's hockey team have reached the semi-finals of the European Championship for the first time.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Newport has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Alex Woodburn on a season-long loan deal.
Manchester City will face Paris St-Germain in the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said he is "devastated" by the failure of the country's new cash machines.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA, Reuters
World number one Henrik Stenson is in a three-way tie for the lead after the third round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest.
A Kent council has been fined £1,000 for failing to clean up litter.
The pound has fallen against the dollar after a closely watched survey suggested the UK's economy may be in recession.
Hundreds of police officers have been injured in a spate of violent clashes in London.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has reached a record high, according to new figures.
England will face Russia in the quarter-finals of the 2018 World Cup.
The head of the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has ruled that it will not be able to withhold information about undercover police operations.
Footage from a match between Keighley and Wrexham has been released by the Rugby Football League.
US actress Shirley Temple, best known for her roles in The Good Ship Lollypop, has died at the age of 83.
Dagenham & Redbridge have signed Millwall defender Yohan Abou on a season-long loan deal.
Portuguese football club FC Porto have banned a player for two matches after he punched a referee in the face during a match.
Oscar-winning conductor Sir Andrew Carnegie has returned to the Royal Albert Hall for the first time in more than 50 years.
A woman whose body was found in a wheelie bin has been named as Joanna Winning.
Rotherham Police has been accused of failing to tackle child sexual exploitation, a report has found.
Grimsby Town manager Paul Brown says he is "disappointed" with referee Gary Glamorgan's officiating in the League Two play-off final.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a primary school for the first time.
At least 19 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, officials say.
Pierre-Emerick Assouet-Ekotto has signed a new two-year contract with St Etienne.
President Abdul Fattah al-Sudan's new government has been sworn in by President Omar al-Bashir.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back more than $1m (Â£1m) of money he spent renovating his home in Nkandla.
The body of a third man has been found in the rubble of the former Rotherham tower block.
A primary school teacher has been found guilty of sending "sexually explicit" texts to pupils.
A golden eagle has laid its first egg at the Loch Lomond National Park.
A fire has broken out at a house in County Armagh.
A care home in Cornwall has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
Donald Trump has been sworn in as president of the United States.
A gun has been found in a river in Dorset, police have said.
A man has been stabbed to death in a London pub.
Welsh Premiership side Exeter Chiefs have been taken over by a private equity firm.
A former care worker has appeared in court charged with historical sex offences.
Schools in England and Wales are to host a series of "counter-extremism" seminars to help young people understand the dangers of radicalisation.
Prime Minister Theresa May has urged Japan to take action against North Korea over its recent ballistic missile launches.
Jodie Gillan has joined the cast of the new Star Wars film Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he wants to strengthen his squad before the end of the season.
A bridge over the River Teesside has reopened to the public for the first time.
The UK has set a new record for the hottest day of the year.
In the wake of the death of German pilot Joachim Lubitz, there has been much speculation about the cause of his suicide.
John Andrew scored a hat-trick as Dragons beat Newport Gwent Dragons to move up to third in the Pro12 table.
Scientists say they have found a new clue to the impact of the asteroid that killed off the dinosaurs.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said it would be "catastrophic" for Wales to vote to leave the European Union.
Glamorgan's Dai Lloyd became the first player to record a first-class double century as they beat Northamptonshire by eight wickets.
Police investigating the sudden death of a man in a Glasgow subway have appealed for witnesses.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Aysahah has been trying to find out what it's like to play the piano.
Tove LinnÃ©a is one of Sweden's most prolific songwriters.
A primary school in Oxfordshire has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Two of the UK's most powerful intelligence agencies have said they are working to recruit more women.
A former South Yorkshire coal mine has been handed over to the High Court.
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have signed striker Jordan Jules on loan until the end of the season.
Coventry Hutchison Whampoa's takeover of O2 has been blocked by the European Commission.
Sudan's poetry scene is one of the most vibrant in the world.
Oldham reached the League Two play-off quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Peterborough.
Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been charged with corruption.
The Sun is one of the most powerful and powerful objects in the world.
Bath have signed Leicester prop Geoff Parling and Leicester prop Ollie Woodburn on two-year deals.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower, dragged down by property shares.
Apple founder Tim Cook has won a $10,000 (£7,000) cash prize from charity CharityBuzz.
Ivory Coast midfielder Tra Traco has withdrawn from Guinea's squad for their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea.
Cape Verde's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations were dealt a blow as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Zambia.
A Pembrokeshire nature reserve has been given the go-ahead.
The Samaritans are calling for local authorities to do more to prevent people from committing suicide.
Mercedes team-mate Susie Wolff has signed a new two-year contract with Sauber.
Bristol Rovers have signed striker Luke Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited a garden dedicated to Princess Diana.
A van carrying suspected Islamic State (IS) militants has been killed in Spain's capital, Barcelona, police say.
Plans for a new roundabout on the A77 in Chester have been postponed.
Phil Taylor beat Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Aegon Championships.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are taking part in a project to unlock the secrets of the human genome.
Glamorgan striker Chris Crofts has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
England's Alastair Cook and Jos Buttler took wickets on day two of the first Test against South Africa in Johannesburg.
A helicopter which crashed on Snowdonia has been cleared of smoke.
Scottish First Minister John Swinney has defended his decision to scrap a council tax freeze.
More than 1,000 sheep have been sold at an auction in the Highlands.
It's been a busy week at the International Space Station.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a senior member of Pakistan's main opposition MQM party.
A campaign group has called for a public inquiry into the use of a public access road to a cemetery in Sheffield.
In the wake of David Cameron's decision to quit the European Union, many commentators in the UK and Europe have reacted with shock and anger.
Ulster reached the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup with a hard-fought victory over Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season.
A woman has said she was "laughed out of her head" after a company sent her an advert for a job.
Actor Jim Broadbent has taken on the role of Ebenezer Scrooge in the revival of Dickens' classic Christmas Carol.
The number of so-called "period apps" in the UK has reached a new all-time high.
The parents of Oscar Pistorius, the South African athlete who was found guilty of murdering his girlfriend, have said they are "devastated" by the verdict.
Salford Red Devils have signed half-back Sam Fenton and full-back Scott Paterson on two-year deals.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says it will be "difficult" to reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
Dame Judi Dench has donated £1m to help renovate a Grade II-listed woodland in Surrey.
The Queen's portrait has been unveiled in London.
The Liberal Democrats have accused the Conservatives of failing to cut the number of GP waiting times in England.
Rory McIlroy says he wants to "venge" his European Ryder Cup defeat by Davis Love III at Gleneagles.
A police force has been criticised for its response to an armed robbery at a takeaway in Liverpool.
The number of motorcyclists killed on London's roads has reached a record high, figures from Transport for London (TfL) show.
Manchester United striker Conor McNair has been named in the Northern Ireland squad for the 2017 Milk Cup semi-finals.
The A&E department at a Wrexham hospital has been closed for more than two weeks because of "unusually high demand".
Championship side Turkish side Kasimpasa have signed Chelsea midfielder Omeruo on a season-long loan.
A man accused of carrying out a mass shooting at a Florida airport has told a US court he is mentally ill.
A man accused of attempting to rape a 13-year-old girl has told a court he had no idea he was planning to do so.
The world's largest marine reserve, the Ross Sea, is to be protected for the first time.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival.
Jackie Collins, one of the world's best-selling authors, has died at the age of 83.
A Japanese woman accused of murdering her husband has denied poisoning him with cyanide.
A fish that washed up at a fish and chip shop has been reunited with its owner.
West Indies all-rounder Michael Simmons has apologised to the country's selectors for "disrespectful" comments he made during the first Test against Sri Lanka.
A convicted drug trafficker has been recaptured after more than two years on the run.
Strictly Come Dancing's co-presenter Ola has said she is "shocked" to have been accused of bullying on the show.
A new film about mental health has been commissioned by S4S.
Bristol Rovers manager Paul Sturrock says he has no choice but to make changes to his squad.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk has said he is "devastated" after a rocket exploded at Cape Canaveral, Florida.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
A former Met Police officer has been awarded more than £20,000 in damages after he was falsely imprisoned for racist abuse.
Zimbabwe's first lady, Grace Mugabe, has been granted immunity from prosecution by the South African government.
Three Russian dancers have been sentenced to three years in prison for dancing in front of World War One Victory Memorials.
Portsmouth have re-signed defender Luke Clarke and midfielder Jack Clarke on loan until the end of the season.
Premier League clubs are on the verge of making a profit for the first time in five years, according to Deloitte.
Celtic boss Derek Archibald says he is "disappointed" that Polish coaches are failing to improve the way they work.
Great Britain's Katie Peake says she wants to set a new personal best in the 400m at the Rio Olympics.
In the wake of the Peshawar school massacre, there is a growing sense of unease among Pakistani politicians.
Old Mutual Asset Management (Old Mutual) has announced plans to split its business into two separate divisions.
Championship side Morecambe have signed Preston North End midfielder Paul Barkhuizen on a season-long loan deal.
China's capital, Beijing, has become the latest city to be hit by air pollution, state media report.
The Islamic State (IS) is one of the world's most powerful police forces.
Huddersfield Giants reached the Challenge Cup semi-finals for the first time with victory over Wakefield Trinity.
A car has been towed from a car park in Londonderry.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named best film at the Independent Spirit Awards in London.
When I first started working in the oil and gas industry in the 1970s, I thought it would be a dream come true.
An Asda supermarket in Greater Manchester has announced plans to make it easier for people with autism to enter the store.
In the early 1990s, David Barrett was working as a dog breeder in Beirut.
An artificial intelligence (AI) machine has been trained to play a variety of games, according to a US study.
Chinese billionaire Xia Xiaobo has been appointed as the new chairman of Aston Villa.
The head of Brazil's intelligence agency has denied that a terrorist attack at the Rio Olympics could have been carried out.
Hibernian midfielder Scott Swanson has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Members of the European Union are meeting in Brussels to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis.
Japanese carmaker Mazda says it has developed a new engine capable of producing a single-cylinder engine.
A man has been found guilty of throwing a baseball bat at Crystal Palace mascot Kayla during the FA Cup final at Selhurst Park.
A judge in Guatemala has ordered the retrial of former President Raul Castro, who was found guilty of genocide.
A hospital in Stoke-on-Trent has banned players from playing Pokemon Go at its A&E department.
Newcastle Falcons have signed Leicester Tigers prop Toby Flood on a three-year deal.
She's one of the UK's best-known hip-hop artists.
Millwall moved to within three points of the League One play-off places with victory over Bury.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has successfully returned to Earth for the first time in more than a decade.
The owner of Cardigan Castle in Carmarthenshire has resigned.
A police officer has been shot dead by a suspected member of a far-right extremist group.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he will use Sexton as a "weak defender" in Saturday's Six Nations match against France.
John Johnston has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
The head of a Birmingham school criticised by Prime Minister David Cameron has resigned.
A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for the families of British soldiers killed in the Iraq war has raised more than £1m.
China's Ma Ying won gold in the men's singles at the Rio Olympics, beating compatriot Zhang Zhiqiang in the final.
A Paralympic triathlete has become the first person in the world to complete a triathlon.
In the early 1990s, the Netherlands was one of the biggest companies in the world.
One of the world's most powerful space telescopes, the Hubble Space Telescope, has been put into orbit.
Morocco has agreed to join the African Union (AU) for the first time in more than a decade.
US actor Amber Heard has filed for divorce from actor Johnny Depp.
Nigeria's women's football team are the best in the world, according to the country's governing body.
Hundreds of horses have been ridden through the streets of Dumfries and Galloway, police have said.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "confident" the results of a public consultation on independence will be published.
The family of a woman with leukaemia have said they are "devastated" by the number of people who have donated blood to them.
Sophie Mackenzie has said she is "devastated" by the use of rape in BBC drama The Fall.
A London property developer has been bought by a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
A controversial anti-government law in Angola has been scrapped.
Hungary is one of the most important countries in the European Union.
Police have released CCTV images of two men they want to speak to after a woman was set on fire at a takeaway.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has said he wants to ban gay people from the country.
Oscar-winning actor Lupita Nyong'o has apologised for casting black actors in the upcoming Gods of Egypt film.
Wales will face Belgium in the semi-finals of the Euro 2016 finals.
A third person has been charged with the attempted murder of a pregnant woman who was attacked in West Sussex.
Downton Abbey actress Lupita Nyong'o has signed up to star in the new Disney film Beauty and the Beast.
Glenavon and Warrenpoint will meet in the Irish Cup quarter-finals on Friday.
Wales does not have the capacity to provide superfast broadband, according to a leading technology expert.
The family of a woman who was found stabbed to death in Italy say they want to speak to a judge about the case.
Activity in the UK's construction sector slowed in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Thousands of young people in Northern Ireland are struggling to find a job.
Swansea City have signed striker Jordan Grimes on loan until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with trying to smuggle illegal drugs into a prison.
Gusts of up to 60mph (97km/h) are expected to hit parts of Wales, the Met Office has warned.
Nobel Prize-winning author Ghosh has visited India's President Ashraf Ghosh's private residence for the first time.
Flood defences should be improved to prevent flooding, a report has said.
Ipswich Town have signed former Ipswich Town striker Ryan Moore and Ipswich Rovers defender Jack Spence on free transfers.
Glamorgan maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship with a five-wicket victory over Glamorgan.
Netherlands reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship for the first time with victory over Iceland.
The remains of murdered dissident republican Seamus McKee have been found.
Olympic gold medallist Adina Adlington has opened a new swimming pool in London.
Plans to redevelop a former Stoke-on-Trent football stadium have been approved by the city council.
Shares in department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have fallen sharply after the department store chain reported a sharp drop in sales.
Radical radio signals could be used to communicate with aircraft, say researchers.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating more than 1,000 cases of child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have re-signed former Ajax and Charlton midfielder David Moussa on a season-long loan deal.
Scientists say they have found a gene that causes male infertility.
Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness has stepped down as deputy first minister in the Republic of Ireland.
Hundreds of bats have been roosting in a church in a Derbyshire village for more than 10 years.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing of a student in Paris.
Tony Bellew says he does not want to fight Anthony Joshua for the IBF heavyweight title.
Welsh rugby player Ryan Watkins has been banned for three years after testing positive for a banned drug.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of the Aegon International with a 6-3 6-2 win over Italian qualifier Valentina Falconi.
The number of people buying a home in Scotland will rise by more than 10% in the next five years, according to a think tank.
Cheltenham maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a comfortable victory over West Ham.
Rangers manager Derek Duffy says his side will not be intimidated by Morton in Saturday's Scottish Cup tie at Ibrox.
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault in Northumberland.
Protests have been held in Denbighshire over plans to pump pump water into valleys.
Dover Athletic will face Macclesfield Town in the National League play-off semi-final.
Wales reached the semi-finals of the Euro 2016 finals for the first time with a 3-1 victory over Italy in Cardiff.
Professor Stephen Hawking has said the UK needs to do more to encourage young people to study science.
A police investigation is under way after a fire broke out in a car park.
A man with bowel cancer has called for more public toilets in Wales to be built.
British Airways cabin crew are to go on strike in a dispute over pay.
Turkish police say they have found a man believed to be the brother of the man who carried out last month's suicide bombing in northern Syria.
Plans to build a hydroelectric dam on a waterfall in Snowdonia have been rejected.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a 15-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
UKIP has been accused of "destroying the working class" by the party's deputy leader.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in Timetley, County Antrim, to mark the 100th anniversary of his death.
Firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
Tens of thousands of people have been killed in clashes between rival factions in the Libyan capital Tripoli, officials say.
A man accused of defrauding people out of more than £100,000 has told a court he has suffered "life-changing injuries".
It's been a busy week for Wimbledon.
A 12-year-old boy's handwritten manuscript is to be shown live on BBC One.
OneWeb, the company behind the OneWeb constellation, has announced plans to build a new constellation of satellites in the UK.
A mother and her two-year-old daughter have been found dead in Pembrokeshire.
A South African appeals court has upheld Oscar Pistorius' conviction for murdering his girlfriend.
A Japanese court has lifted a ban on restarting two nuclear reactors in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster.
The inaugural Aberdeen Comedy Festival has been announced.
Former England and Wales footballer Lee Wood has said he has been unable to come forward to police over allegations of historical child abuse.
A petition calling for a tougher law on revenge porn has been launched in North Yorkshire.
The chief executive of India's largest religious organisation, the Dera Sacha Sauda sect, has resigned.
The world's top tennis player has been criticised for her hair.
Former Strictly Come Dancing presenter Claudia Winkleman has announced her retirement.
Millions of rail passengers are using ticket machines to buy tickets, according to a new report.
Tens of thousands of students have taken to the streets in Wrexham to protest against a pay dispute.
If you want to make a Christmas advert, you need to go to the internet.
Oil and gas firm Aggreko has bought dryer firm Dryco for $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn).
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said he will not vote for Republican nominee Donald Trump in the US presidential election.
Three men have been charged with rape after a woman's name was published online.
James Hurst's second-half equaliser earned Dover victory at Macclesfield.
Singer Mick Richards says he is "hopeful" that the Rolling Stones will return to London in the future.
British number one Johanna Konta says losing to world number one Karolina Pliskova in the first round of the Miami Open was a "great experience".
Preston North End suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Barnsley.
A Korean-American basketball player has been suspended for two years after being found guilty of having her mother's birth certificate fake.
More than 100,000 children will be eligible for free childcare under plans announced by the government.
Plans for a new Eisteddfod have been submitted to Ceredigion Council.
Leigh Centurions head coach Paul Rowley has resigned.
Finland's richest woman, Liisa Ronkainen, is hoping to become the first person to receive a basic income.
The eruption of Mount Etna in Iceland has been described as one of the most powerful eruptions in the world.
Scotland scrum-half Greig Pyrgos says he is ready to lead his side into the World Cup quarter-finals.
Iraqi forces have recaptured Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met for the first time.
It's not every day you see a picture of Taylor Swift.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday, as investors digested the results of three of the biggest companies in the world.
It's one of the most important tasks in our lives.
A second limb has been found in a park in Bristol.
Plans to demolish historic buildings in a seaside town have been approved by councillors.
Pakistan's Supreme Court has denied a request by a Muslim woman to have her appeal against her death sentence overturned.
The waiting time for mental health treatment in Wales has been cut by more than a third.
Former Australian rugby league player Sam Hunt has been charged with trafficking cocaine into South Australia.
Former England and England all-rounder Michael Lewis has said he wants to become a "world-class" cricketer.
Kilmarnock maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Ross County.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to seven points with a hard-fought victory over Connacht.
South African champions TP Mazembe need to improve their performance if they are to reach the second round of the Africa Cup of Nations, says head coach Paul Mosimane.
A Cornish iron ore mine has been put on display for the first time.
Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz has said he will not run again in the Iowa caucuses.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Carlin has become the first Welsh woman to win two gold medals at the Rio Games.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager for the first time.
It was the final day of the Labour Party's annual conference in London.
A letter written by American author Ernest Hemingway has sold for more than £1,000 at auction.
Scotland's largest airline, Loganair, is to spend more than £1m refurbishing its aircraft.
A three-year-old girl who was mistaken for a Saudi Arabian woman has been found in hospital.
Volkswagen has said it will cut the number of sales of its cars in the wake of the emissions scandal.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets in the western Indian state of Darjeeling to protest against a government strike.
Norwich City striker Jack Tettey says his goal in Saturday's 2-1 win over West Bromwich Albion was the highlight of his season.
Great Britain's women's hockey team have reached the semi-finals of the Women's World Cup for the first time.
The president of the Confederation of African Football (Caf), Issa Hayatou, has resigned.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to.
Former England captain Michael Clarke has been named as Australia's new captain, replacing Michael Clarke.
Partick Thistle defender Steven Lawless has signed a new three-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
A drink-drive driver has been banned from driving for three years after being found unconscious in his car.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed former Fulham defender Alex Hector on loan until the end of the season.
Former Labour MP David Blunkett has called for the creation of a White House for Yorkshire.
Gateshead maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a comfortable victory over Guiseley at Gateshead.
Preston North End have signed former Aston Villa and Blackburn Rovers midfielder Jack Pringle on loan until the end of the season.
Glasgow City Council has said it will investigate the conduct of Orange Order parades in the city.
China has become the first country in the world to approve the use of genetically modified human embryos.
India beat Australia by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Melbourne to take a 2-1 lead in the three-match series.
Two men have been charged with attempted robbery in Londonderry.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the NHS.
The head of the Catholic Church in Northern Ireland, Father John D'Arcy, has said he is "disappointed" that Cardinal Brendan Brady has not resigned.
The family of a man who died in a crash with a lorry have paid tribute to him.
A suspected unexploded bomb has been found in a car park in Lanarkshire.
The number of people out of work in the UK has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Swiss food giant Unilever has reported lower-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
Dozens of peshmerga fighters have been killed in a chemical attack by Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq, officials say.
A man has been rescued after his car became stuck in a reservoir.
More than 1,000 care homes in England have been made available online for the first time.
A new artificial intelligence (AI) algorithm has been developed by a university in Sheffield.
A jury in the case of a woman who was diagnosed with ovarian cancer has awarded $10m (Â£5m) in damages to Johnson & Johnson.
Belgium's Pierre Rolland won the Vuelta a Espana for the first time in his career.
Liam Wakefield's first goal of the season earned Morecambe victory over Wycombe.
A 90-year-old woman has been punched in the face as she tried to buy a bacon sandwich.
The winners of this year's All-Ireland hurling final have been announced.
Two women have pleaded not guilty to the murder of a six-year-old girl on a bus.
The Danish cargo ship Maersk has been seized in the Iranian waters, the ship's owner says.
Chelsea striker Pedro has been ruled out of the rest of the Premier League season after fracturing his skull in a training session in China.
Three women have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A Labour MP has been elected to the Cardiff West by-election.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans to build wind farms in Lincolnshire.
US President Barack Obama is expected to sign the Paris climate agreement on Wednesday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of his wife.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a double mastectomy has led to an increase in the number of women seeking treatment for breast cancer, a study suggests.
The number of patients waiting more than a year to have a cardiothoracic surgery in Northern Ireland has risen to more than 1,000, figures show.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fireworks toy was thrown at him in Belfast.
Theresa Stevens has been living in Spain for more than a decade.
Tens of thousands of bottles of Vans have been found washed up on a Cornwall beach.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have signed midfielder Jade Heatherson on a two-year deal.
A man has been named as one of four people arrested in connection with a racist singing incident.
The leader of a Cheshire council has said he has no intention of resigning.
Shares in Premier Oil have jumped more than 20% after the company said it had agreed to sell its North Sea assets to a private equity firm.
Derry City extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to seven points with victory over Ballymena.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a gunman shot her in the leg during a robbery.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Bristol Rovers beat Peterborough to move to within three points of the League One play-off places.
A Pembrokeshire school bus company has been put up for sale.
Partick Thistle have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder David Etxabegu on a season-long loan deal.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of London to protest against pollution levels.
Carlos Fernandez, who was born in Cuba, has become the first Cuban to become a professional baseball player.
At least 20 tribal leaders have been killed in clashes in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada plane has made an emergency landing at a busy airport in San Francisco.
Two brothers have been found guilty of sexually abusing two girls in Rotherham.
The UK's fishing industry faces a "challenging future" if it leaves the European Union, a report says.
David Cameron tried to persuade German Chancellor Angela Merkel to back his campaign for the UK to leave the European Union.
The death of a police officer who was shot by a gunman on Westminster Bridge has raised questions about the safety of police officers.
Arsenal have signed Poland Under-19 midfielder Krisztian Jagielka from Legia Warsaw for an undisclosed fee.
Dozens of people have been killed in a landslide in the Colombian town of Bello, officials say.
A third man has been arrested in connection with the London Bridge terror attack.
Gareth Villar has resigned as president of the European Football Association (Uefa).
Animal rights groups have called for a ban on the use of wild animals in circuses in Scotland.
A mental health worker who stabbed his partner to death at a mental health unit has been jailed for life.
A third man has been arrested in Germany over alleged links to the so-called Islamic State group.
Liam Wallace's second-half equaliser earned Sheffield Wednesday victory over Huddersfield Town.
A plastic breast implant made by a French firm has ruptured, according to a report by consumer group RTL.
The leader of the Welsh Labour Party has said the party's election manifesto will be "a fight for the people of Wales".
Portugal has become the first country in the world to win a Eurovision Song Contest.
The chairman of a Gloucestershire council has been accused of failing to listen to his colleagues during a committee meeting.
Italy's Francesco Molinari shot a four-under-par 65 to claim his first European Tour title.
A record number of black-tailed turkeys have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree, according to the RSPB.
China has reacted angrily to US President Barack Obama's criticism of China's islands in the South China Sea.
The hunt for a large cat that has been spotted in the French Alps for the first time has been called off.
Five people have been arrested in England and Wales in connection with a "Trojan Horse" cyber-attack.
The chair of a reform taskforce set up to investigate corruption at football's world governing body has been confirmed.
Scott Solomons' best-selling children's book has been named the best in the UK at the Children's Book Awards.
Children at Eastbourne Hospital are facing a "catastrophic" loss of services due to changes to maternity services.
Guinea's capital, Ouagadougou, has been declared free of the deadly Ebola virus.
MPs are to debate whether Donald Trump should be allowed to travel to the UK.
A Roman Catholic masterpiece has been put up for sale after more than £1m was raised in a crowdfunding campaign.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 83.
A man has been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a house in Lincolnshire.
Millwall boss Stuart McCall says he is "disgusted" by fans who heckled him during his side's FA Cup semi-final win over Leeds.
Holyrood's fiscal framework talks have been postponed until the end of the year.
The Palestinian Authority's Supreme Court has blocked the start of a general election in the occupied West Bank.
Nigeria's former defence minister, Ibrahim Dasuki, has been arrested on suspicion of corruption.
Georgia head coach Gregor Haig says he has no problem with the current Six Nations format.
The family of a woman who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to her.
A Nigerian actress who appeared in a popular Nigerian film has been banned from the country's film industry.
House prices in England and Wales have risen for the second month in a row, according to official figures.
Former Israeli President Peres has died at the age of 83.
A collection of poetry by a Scottish poet has been given the go-ahead.
Timbuktu, the capital of the Central African Republic, is celebrating its independence from the Islamic State (IS) group.
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Caerphilly county.
A 12-year-old girl has been raped by a police dog during a drugs test.
It is one of the world's driest regions.
Police Scotland has said it does not know how many children are victims of child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
A collector who sold his collection of Hollywood memorabilia has died at the age of 83.
The former chief constable of Birmingham has said the government's Prevent programme is failing to protect Muslim communities.
Great Britain have been knocked out of the World Handball Championships after failing to qualify for the semi-finals.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors have fallen more than 5% after the firm said it was investigating allegations of falsifying fuel economy data.
The UK has arrived in Libya for the first time since the overthrow of the government of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.
Downton Abbey star George Clooney's estate in Oxfordshire could be fitted with CCTV cameras.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said he does not believe a UK exit from the European Union would be "difficult".
Former Nigeria captain Stephen Keshi has signed a new two-year contract with the national team.
England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Johannesburg.
Paris St-Germain striker Yannick Bissouma has signed a new three-year contract with the French club.
Tens of thousands of people have been celebrating the Diwali festival in Leicester.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has suspended a laboratory at Bloemfontein, South Africa.
A volunteer crew member who quit a Jersey lifeboat station has been sacked.
Virat Kohli is one of the best cricketers in the world.
A vicar has been cleared of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl.
Oil and gas workers in the North Sea have ended a three-day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Essex took control of the second day of their One-Day Cup match against West Indies at Chester-le-Street.
A man has been jailed for two years for trying to rob a taxi driver out of Â£10,000.
The leader of the Labour Party, Shami Chakrabarti, has been appointed a peerage by Jeremy Corbyn.
When I first met the founder of Bitcoin, I had no idea who he was.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with causing the death of a man who was hit by a car.
Plans to cut maternity services in a Denbighshire hospital have been given the go-ahead.
North Korea is believed to have carried out a major cyber-attack on the UK in May 2017, the BBC has learned.
A new panel of estate agents is to be set up in Powys.
It's been a year since the Olympic Games began.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) says it has found more than 1,000 photographs of detainees held in Syria for more than a year.
The Northern Ireland secretary of state has been criticised for refusing to take part in the Gaelic football match at the All-Ireland semi-final.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has said it will investigate an incident in which a player was kicked in the face by a referee.
If you've ever wondered what it is like to vote in a presidential election, you might be forgiven for wondering.
The author, Gaia Vince, has won a prestigious prize for her book about the impact of climate change.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Bangkok to protest against the government's handling of the country's political crisis.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was attacked in a car park.
The Scottish government has said it has no plans to abolish the Air Passenger Duty (APD).
Wales scrum-half Rhys McBryde has signed a new three-year contract with the British and Irish Lions.
Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed a monastery in Iraq's north-eastern province of Mosul, officials say.
Ex-military veterans have a higher risk of suicide than non-veterans, a study suggests.
More than half of older people in England are unable to afford social care, a charity has said.
England batsman Michael Eoin Morgan should be considered a world-class player, according to former England batsman Mark Boycott.
A former Peter Pan school in Dumfries and Galloway has been saved from demolition.
Mae gogledd Cymru yn cael ei chydnabod ar y llwyfan byd-eang.
Plans to privatise NHS care in England have been criticised by Labour and the Liberal Democrats.
Medecins Sans Frontieres (GSK) has been fined £1.5m by the UK's competition watchdog.
The son of one of the world's most successful footballers has called for his father's tomb to be dedicated to him.
A bird flu outbreak has been confirmed at a poultry farm in Lancashire.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
The US Secret Service has said it is investigating after a man was found with a gun in a lift at the White House.
Mae'r Eisteddfod wedi gwasanaethau ar gyfer y brifwyl gyda'r bwriad o osgoi tagfeydd yn ymweld.
Burkina Faso's former opposition leader has met the leader of the country's main opposition party, the BBC has learned.
A campaign group has called for tougher hunting laws to be introduced.
US House Speaker John Boehner has been on the receiving end of a lot of tears.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been in Silicon Valley for more than a decade.
Sports Direct, the UK's biggest clothing retailer, has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
Chinese authorities say they are trying to repatriate two Canadian tourists who were detained in Beijing last week.
BBC Sport's darts expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
Libya's unity government has been given the go-ahead to resume arms sales to the so-called Islamic State (IS).
The leader of Spain's main opposition party, the Popular Party (PP), has been charged with corruption.
Bangladesh's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has visited India for the first time in more than a decade.
A former police officer has been jailed for 13 years for sexually abusing a 13-year-old boy.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic does not want to leave Paris St-Germain, says manager Arsene Wenger.
Four British tourists have been given suspended jail terms after being found guilty of trespassing on a mountain in Malaysia.
Dory has taken the top spot in the UK box office for the second week in a row.
The number of women giving birth by Caesarean section in the UK is at an all-time high, a study suggests.
A councillor has been suspended as part of a police investigation into allegations of misconduct.
Great Britain's men's taekwondo team have been chosen to represent the country at the 2017 World Para-Wondo Championships in London.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
Mae Cymraeg yn Ysgol Uwchradd y Bannau wedi cael ei bod yn ddyddiaethau Crefyddol yn llywodraethol yng Ngharad Woodland.
Former world champion Michael Williams has qualified for the semi-finals of the World Championship for the first time.
Three men have been charged in connection with a protest at London's Heathrow Airport.
Anthony Scaramucci, the former White House communications director, has been fired by President Donald Trump.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have agreed to extend the contracts of former Charlton midfielder Yann Mosharraj and left-back Sami Motta.
A former police officer has been jailed for six years for sexually abusing vulnerable women.
Fleetwood Mac have confirmed they will headline this year's Isle of Wight Festival.
The lawyer for former US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden has said he will not leave Russia.
League Two side Walsall have re-signed former Atlanta United midfielder David Money on a two-year deal.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad has accused Russia of violating international airspace over the country.
A kayaker has been rescued after falling into a river.
A fountain has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the start of World War Two.
More than £1m has been raised for Hull's Olympic torch relay and Paralympic torch relay.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police, David Crompton, has been suspended.
A record number of asylum seekers have arrived in the European Union this year, the European Commission has said.
Dutch investigators say they have found parts of the fuselage of the Malaysia Airlines flight that crashed in eastern Ukraine last year.
A Pembrokeshire council has been criticised for failing to publish a report into a former foster carer.
A five-year-old girl who was given a bone marrow transplant in the US has been granted permission to go on trial in Seattle.
The fossilised remains of one of Scotland's oldest pine trees have been discovered.
Councillors have been accused of "misleading" a council over plans to convert a beach into a mixture of sand and shingle.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is in the midst of a remarkable transformation.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Burnell says he is determined to win more medals at the Rio Olympics.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has become the first party in Northern Ireland to form a government.
League Two side Plymouth Argyle have signed striker Jack Nelson and striker Wayne Rooney on loan until the end of the season.
Aston Villa and Aston Villa have been fined by the Football Association for "disrespectful conduct" during their FA Cup semi-final at Aston Villa.
Two women have been arrested on suspicion of neglect following the death of a boy who fell from a swimming pool.
Olivia Croker has been named in the England women's squad for their Women's Six Nations opener against Ireland on Saturday.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at his home in west Belfast.
The Loch Ness Monster has been found in a wood in Inverness, a conservation group has said.
The UK's economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
A Grade II-listed bridge in Durham has been closed for more than two weeks.
Police in Mauritius have seized drugs worth more than $1m (Â£1m), including heroin, cocaine and heroin.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Australian Grand Prix.
Singer Damien Hirst is to write a new book about his life, which will be published next year.
Dundee United chairman Paul Milne has said the club is in a "good position".
Two dogs whose owners were killed in a crash have been reunited with their owners.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a four-year-old girl who died after being hit by a lorry.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was hit by a car in Staffordshire.
Women's FA Cup winners Arsenal Ladies have been named Women's FA Women's Player of the Year.
Work has started on a new £1m fitness centre in Londonderry.
Italian composer Giuseppe Morricone says he has no regrets about criticising Quentin Tarantino.
Michael Dasaolu became the first British man to win a gold medal at the Rio Olympics with victory in the men's 100m at the World Championships.
A growing number of children in Australia are living in poverty, according to a charity.
One of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, Accord Pharmaceuticals, has announced it will invest £1m in Newcastle.
Leicester Speedway chairman Paul Bates has confirmed that he is in talks with a number of riders about a new team.
A man has been found dead at a recycling plant in Derbyshire.
A woman accused of murdering her three-year-old daughter has been granted permission to stay at a psychiatric hospital in Belfast.
Police investigating the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his home have renewed their appeal for information.
A group of MPs has called for the UK Border Agency to stop using "bullying techniques" to deport deportees.
A new study has been published in the journal Nature.
A new trial of antiretroviral drugs for people with HIV in the US has been approved by the US government.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders midfielder Michael McAllister on a season-long loan deal.
Farmers in Oxfordshire are to be allowed to build ditches on their land, under government plans.
A Scottish man has become the first man to win the World Stronger of the Year title.
More than a third of holidaymakers in the UK have been victims of fraud, according to a charity.
Schools in England have been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted, the education watchdog has said.
Worcestershire all-rounder Mitch Ventner will miss the rest of the season with a broken finger.
West Ham have signed a new deal with the club's women's team.
Young people should be encouraged to take part in the arts and culture, a think tank has said.
Crystal Palace suffered their first defeat of the season as they lost to Southampton in the EFL Cup quarter-finals.
Footballer Danny O'Leary has been awarded £1m by the Football Association of Ireland (FAI).
The former editor of the News of the World has gone on trial in London charged with phone hacking.
Six athletes have been charged with failing to comply with anti-doping rules in Italy.
A man who targeted his ex-partner's ex-girlfriend has been jailed for four years.
Police in Mexico say they have arrested a man they want to speak to in connection with the kidnapping of former Olympiakos footballer Victor Pulido.
Leicester City maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a comfortable victory over Bournemouth.
The French Football Association (Fifa) has launched a legal challenge to Michel Platini's suspension from football's governing body.
The UK's biggest airline, Monarch, has said it is not in a state of collapse.
Cotswold and Gloucestershire's borders could be split under plans being considered by the Public Health England (PHE).
A Wolverhampton council has warned it could go into liquidation by the end of the year.
Goldman Sachs has announced plans to cut the number of jobs it offers to students in the US.
Claudio Ranieri's first Premier League game as Liverpool manager ended in a goalless draw at Leicester.
Gloucester reached the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup with a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle.
A Christian woman has become the first person in the world to marry a non-religious member of the Church of New Zealand.
Five men have been charged in connection with the Yahoo data breach, the US Department of Justice has announced.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) has called on clubs to crack down on the illegal sale of season tickets.
A massive data dump of emails belonging to the chief executive of Ashley Madison has been published online.
The number of people in Northern Ireland is expected to rise by more than 10% in the next five years, according to new figures.
Substitute Nathan Thomas scored the only goal of the game as Millwall came from behind to beat Swindon.
A police appeal for information about a missing man has been launched.
Drivers are being warned about the dangers of using lorries to transport wind farms.
Artificial intelligence has been used to help diagnose skin cancer, according to a US study.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says he has no plans to sign Manchester United midfielder David de Gea.
Footballer Carlisle has been banned from driving for four years after being found guilty of drink-driving.
A section of a dual carriageway in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than two weeks.
The weight of a dog that was found dead in a woodland has almost doubled in a year.
US actress Rosie O'Donnell has said she has been diagnosed with a heart attack.
Tens of thousands of people have attended a service at Portsmouth's World War Two Victory Memorial.
The family of a boxer who died after being knocked out by a professional boxer have paid tribute to him.
Dozens of graves have been dug up in the Spanish town of Salgar, which has been hit by a huge landslide.
For decades, Cuba has been one of the world's most isolated countries.
The clock on the Tower of London has been switched off for the first time since the end of the Second World War.
Barcelona manager Luis Enrique says his side's 2-1 defeat by Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey was a "mistake".
A man accused of shooting a fox in the head during a hunt has told a court he did not shoot the animal.
A man who defrauded his ex-employees out of thousands of pounds has been jailed for five years.
It's been a year since Russia imposed a ban on imports of wine and spirits.
The family of a British man who has been held in India for more than a year has been told he will not be allowed to return to the UK.
The number of nurses and midwives in Scotland is at an all-time high, according to a leading body.
A father has been accused of punching his three-year-old son in the face, a court has heard.
A World War Two warship that sank off the coast of Coventry has been named Black Blacked.
Plans for a tidal energy farm on Anglesey have been approved by the Crown Estate.
Tony McCoy has become the first jockey to win more than 1,000 races at the Cheltenham Festival.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who have had their flights delayed for more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has accused the US of spying on her phone.
Swansea City have won the FA Youth Cup for the first time in their history.
Plans for a dual carriageway over Stonehenge should be considered, a Conservative MP has said.
Labour leader Jeremy Burnham has said he is "overwhelmed" by the results of the party's leadership contest.
The chancellor has said he will not rule out raising the top rate of income tax to £10,000.
The plight of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is one of the most pressing issues facing the world.
The inheritance tax (IHT) is one of the biggest taxes in the UK.
Dundee-based Savings Savings Trust has been bought by a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
The BBC World Service has announced plans to expand the number of languages it offers to the world.
A man has been found guilty of causing more than £1m worth of damage to bus and bus passengers.
A Canadian man has described how he was struck by lightning at his wedding.
Children who use touchscreens are more likely to sleep than those who do not, a study suggests.
Plymouth Argyle have signed forwards Laurence Pope and Laurence Moyle on two-year contracts.
A woman has died after being hit by a van in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales will no longer be allowed to broadcast public meetings, the Welsh Government has said.
Wasps extended their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points with a hard-fought victory over Bath.
Vlogger Nikki is one of the world's best-known internet users.
Liam Snodgrass has appeared in court accused of driving a car with a baby in the back.
A Turkish airline has cancelled a flight from Mogadishu to Djibouti after a video appeared to show a suicide bomber from al-Shabab.
Argentina's new president, Mauricio Macri, has been sworn in.
The mother of a man who was stabbed to death by his ex-partner has told a court she feared for his life.
The owners of a seaside pier that was badly damaged in a fire have raised more than £1m to help rebuild it.
Microsoft has said it is reviewing its handling of a cyber-attack on a blogger's email account.
Network Rail has apologised to Arriva Trains Wales over its handling of the autumn leaf-fall.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a van in County Armagh.
A statue of Cecil Rhodes has been removed from a South African university.
Plymouth Argyle director of rugby Jim Westley has said he does not want to talk to Newport County chairman Steve Davies about the club's problems at Rodney Parade.
Wales has achieved its best GCSE results for more than a decade, according to official results.
Edinburgh Airport has celebrated its 100th anniversary.
Police in Spain have released a list of the most wanted men they want to track down.
British number one Heather Sears has apologised for swearing during Wimbledon semi-finals.
Tens of thousands of birds of prey have been nesting on Jersey's reefs, the US government has said.
Plans for a new £1bn prison in Wrexham have been criticised by councillors.
Cambridge United have signed former Forest Green Rovers defender Mark Roberts on a two-year deal.
A body has been found in a river in Cumbria.
A three-year-old boy has died after being attacked by a dog in Northumberland.
A man accused of stealing a dog's electronic tag from his home has been refused bail.
Former Welsh Prime Minister Sir Vince Cable has said the government's offer to buy Tata Steel's steel operations in Wrexham has been "unfair".
A man who used a horse-drawn car in a McDonald's drive-thru has said he will "go to jail" if he is not allowed to use it.
Valencia were held to a goalless draw by Valencia in the first leg of their La Liga play-off semi-final.
A man has been found guilty of the murder of a farmer in the Brazilian state of Paraiba.
Scientists have found that a low-fat diet can cut the amount of fat in a person's body.
HMP Hewell has been criticised for its "unacceptable" levels of violence, a watchdog has said.
Great Britain's Laura Muir will compete in the women's 400m at the European Indoor Championships in Belgrade.
Ed Miliband's plans to privatise the NHS in Wales are a "political football", Labour has said.
Health boards in Scotland have spent more than £1m on food last year, figures obtained by BBC Scotland show.
Apple has cut its profit forecast for the three months to the end of the year as sales of its latest iPhones continue to fall.
A London-based trader has gone on trial accused of rigging the UK's stock market.
Great Britain have reached the semi-finals of the Aegon Championships for the first time.
The Australian government has suspended a security officer at Sydney International Airport for failing to check the passport of Foreign Minister Julie Bishop.
A man has been taken to hospital after a drum drum exploded at a factory in Londonderry.
A former police and crime commissioner has been found guilty of misconduct in public office, a review has found.
Former South Africa batsman Matt van der Nerink has signed a new three-year contract with Somerset.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in California as firefighters continue to battle a massive wildfire.
Edinburgh-based Vert Vertic Rotor has raised more than £1m to expand its operations.
The Royal Bank of Scotland has announced that its new £10 note will be made from plastic.
Ipswich Town extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over fellow strugglers Middlesbrough.
At the age of 16, Chand was one of the most successful female athletes in the world.
A large quantity of cannabis has been seized in the Republic of Ireland.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of trying to "destroy" Israel.
Plans to rename Cardiff International Airport have been submitted to the Welsh Assembly.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a field.
Former British Cycling president Brian Cookson has defended the organisation's handling of doping allegations.
Scottish politicians are taking part in a live debate on the Scottish election.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the UK of being "anti-French" during a visit to London.
The Church of England has announced plans to increase the cost of weddings and funerals.
The remains of two soldiers who died in the Battle of the Somme have been laid to rest.
Mae feddygon yng Nghwm Cynon wedi cael o gleifion sy'r cleifion yn dechrau triniaeth pan yn cael ei wella.
Mae'r Mesur Diddymu Mawr yn dweud o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol wrth adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said it will sell more than 18,000 acres of land to build new homes.
Dagenham & Redbridge came from behind to beat Dagenham and Redbridge.
England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Cape Town.
A rare exotic cat has been found dead in a Ceredigion park.
Trolls will headline this year's T Tides music festival, organisers have announced.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has reached a new area of the Indian Ocean, officials say.
Video games are one of the most popular forms of therapy in the world.
A look back at some of the best quotes from the week in entertainment.
The family of a disabled man who died after a car crash have paid tribute to him.
Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson has signed a new three-year contract with the Reds.
Blackburn Rovers have signed striker Jack Vaughan on loan until the end of the season.
A man has died after being hit by a car in North Wales.
One of the most famous football clubs in the world has been given the go-ahead to make a film.
A decade ago, India was one of the most successful countries in the world.
Swansea City striker Gylfi Sigurdsson says his side's victory over Aston Villa was a "massive achievement".
Peter Fanning has been named world champion for the first time after the death of his brother Peter.
Britain's Christian Groenewegen won the first stage of the Yorkshire Tour as he won stage two of the Tour de Yorkshire.
Greece is one of the most indebted countries in the world.
A man has been arrested after a gun was found in a block of flats in east London.
The world's governing body, Fifa, has been in turmoil for more than a year.
Plans for a new HS2 rail station in Euston have been criticised by the mayor of London.
Plans have been submitted for a new block of flats in Belfast city centre.
The British Film Institute (BFI) has said the number of films made in the UK last year has increased.
The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra is to host a series of concerts celebrating classical music from around the world.
American Adam Mitchell-Blake-Schellchell-Blake has broken the 100m hurdles world record for the first time.
Guinea reached the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup with a 2-1 win over South Korea.
Six teenagers have been jailed for carrying out a series of armed robberies in Birmingham.
Dundee United's chief executive has said the club's finances are not in danger of going bust.
Serena Williams became the oldest woman to win a Grand Slam title with victory at the Australian Open.
Strictly Come Dancing has been named the BBC's best TV programme for the third year running.
The Scottish government has announced plans for major infrastructure projects across the country.
The Green Party has launched a campaign to cut the cost of renewable energy in Wales.
Plans for a new park in Blaenau Gwent have been given the go-ahead.
Scotland captain Michael Coetzer says he is relishing the prospect of playing Afghanistan for the first time.
A house once owned by the Beatles has sold at auction for more than £1m.
A World War One medal has been found in a field.
The family of a man who was murdered in Greater Manchester have said they are "devastated" they have not been able to find his body.
Plymouth Argyle manager Paul McCann says he is "devastated" by the midfielder's broken leg.
Mainland Chinese shares have fallen sharply after the country's central bank said it had sold shares worth $1.1bn (Â£1.2bn).
Wales scrum-half Scott Williams will not be offered dual dual contracts, the Rugby Football Union has confirmed.
A crane has been installed on the roof of a prison to crack down on illegal drugs.
The families of two men who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them.
Two ex-offenders who have been working in a prison for more than a decade have found a new way to help them find work.
Human remains have been found in a mass grave in the northern Mexican state of Morelos, officials say.
Some of the world's most important animals are at risk of being affected by climate change, a study suggests.
Plans to build a new motorway through the Gwent have been rejected by an environmental group.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower after the Bank of England voted to raise interest rates.
The chair of the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire has written to the prime minister.
A German man has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German media report.
Matilda has been put on stage for the first time in more than a year after it was halted at a London theatre.
The number of complaints about private car parking in Scotland has more than doubled in a year, according to a watchdog.
The Labour Party has retained the Cardiff West seat in the assembly election.
Greece's governing New Democracy party has won a majority of seats in the country's parliament.
The price of oil has fallen to a record low for the first time in more than a decade.
Former Argentina captain Mehmet Mehmedi says there is no need to worry about Lionel Messi ahead of Saturday's World Cup semi-final against Argentina.
It's been a busy week for Aston Martin.
A man has been arrested in connection with an alleged sexual assault at a military base in Aberdeen.
Championship side Shrewsbury Town have signed Maccabi MacBrayne on loan until the end of the season.
A film about caste-related issues has been banned from a film in the southern Indian state of Maharashtra.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have found more than 1,000 pieces of tile from the holy Temple in Jerusalem.
UK salmon exports rose by more than 20% in the first half of the year, according to a trade body.
League Two clubs Mansfield and Walsall have been drawn in the first round of the FA Cup.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £10,000 from a charity in County Londonderry.
Young people are the biggest victims of identity theft, according to a new report.
The murder of a man whose body was found in a Glasgow street is being treated as murder.
The number of people arrested in connection with anti-Sinn Féin protests in Northern Ireland has risen to 13, police have said.
A man has admitted hacking into the Mumsnet website.
A funeral has been held for a mother and her three children who were stabbed to death in Oxfordshire.
Wales will go to the polls on 8 May to decide who will be the next mayor of Cardiff.
Pop star Phil Collins has donated his collection of memorabilia from the Battle of the Texas-Mexico border to the city of Houston.
Wakefield Trinity reached the Super League quarter-finals for the first time with a hard-fought victory over Castleford Tigers.
Hamilton Academical manager Paolo Paatelainen says his side will have to fight to stay in the Scottish Premiership.
A giant iguana that has been living in a tree for more than a year has finally been reunited with its owner.
All you need to know about this year's Brit Awards is here!
Astrium UK, the UK's space agency, has launched a new spacecraft that will be the world's most powerful space telescope.
One of Silicon Valley's biggest companies, Uber, has been accused of sexual harassment.
Manchester United have failed to complete the transfer of goalkeeper David de Gea to Real Madrid.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the implications of the US government's plan to ban laptops from the cabin at Heathrow Airport.
The body of Belgium's prime minister has been found in the remains of a computer used in the Brussels airport bombings, police say.
A Chinese man who was beaten to death by law enforcers has died, his family has said.
Dutch top-flight side Ajax have signed Dutch defender Sophie Middidd on a two-year deal.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie has been discharged from hospital after suffering a broken eye socket.
Danny Hylton's second-half equaliser earned Exeter victory over Luton.
Oscar-winning rapper Lamar has released a new album, titled To Pimp A Butterfly.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The chief executive of Manchester City Council is to get a pay rise of more than £1m over the next five years.
Canada's national anthem, O Canada, is to be changed from male to female.
A former US gymnastics doctor has gone on trial for child sex abuse.
A woman who fought for the suffragette movement in Derby has been honoured with a blue plaque.
Twelve people have died in a boat that capsized off the coast of Toulon, Australia.
South Korea's Ko Ko became the youngest woman to win a major at the PGA Tour event.
Tottenham midfielder Christian Bentaleb has signed a new two-year contract with Bundesliga side RB Leipzig.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death with a knife has been jailed for life.
Dundee United were held to a goalless draw by Raith Rovers in the Scottish Championship.
Germany's biggest bank, Deutsche Bank, has reported a sharp fall in pre-tax profits.
Online retailer Argos has reported a drop in sales in the first three months of the year.
In our series of letters from African journalists, author and columnist Adaobi considers the role of the armed forces in the process of revolution.
Oscar-winning singer Jessica Hill is one of the best-known singers in the world.
More than 1,000 cyclists have taken part in a triathlon in Pembrokeshire.
A woman in the southern Indian state of Chhattisgarh has been shot dead and her husband injured, police say.
A man has been jailed for four years for trying to steal a police officer's car.
A man has died after his boat capsized off the Isle of Man.
A woman accused of murdering her ex-boyfriend has told a court she feared police would not come to her aid.
One of Nottinghamshire's oldest primes has sold for more than £1m at auction.
A cyclist has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Nottinghamshire beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the T20 Blast.
A 13-year-old boy has been named as the first child to be prosecuted for sexting.
A man has been jailed for three years for threatening to bomb Bristol Airport.
England beat Australia by eight wickets in Cardiff to set a new world record for the longest one-day international.
Wakefield Trinity have signed Tonga international Tongai Taumai on a two-year deal.
Two of the world's largest smartphone manufacturers, Acer and Lenovo, have announced new versions of their devices.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says processed meat is not safe for human consumption.
Southern rail workers have voted in favour of a 24-hour strike.
A dissident republican paramilitary group has been formed in the Republic of Ireland in the wake of the murder of former police officer Ian Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK's plan to give EU citizens the right to stay in the European Union is a "good step forward".
South Korea's Kim Sung-hyun won the Women's LPGA Tour Championship for the second year in a row.
A 16-year-old girl has launched a legal action against a gay rights group after a photo of a transgender man was posted online.
Britain's Shona Coxsey has become the first woman to win a gold medal at the World Squash Championships.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest dairy company, has agreed to sell its dairy business to a German firm.
Visa has warned consumers that they are spending too much money on the sofa.
A disabled man who had to use a wheelchair to get to a train station has said he is "devastated" he has been left unable to walk.
A water fountain in a Powys town is to be filled with water to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to take to the skies for the first time.
A man has been shot in the leg in what police believe was a "targeted" shooting.
Fernando Alonso held off Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel to win the Hungarian Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
The number of people killed in heavy rain in parts of Japan has risen to 16, officials say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at how technology is changing our lives.
Scottish Premiership side Kilmarnock have parted company with left-back Matt Waddington.
More than 1,000 pups have been born at a nesting site on the Norfolk coast.
The number of Hainan gibbons in China has almost halved, according to a new study.
Plans to raise the UK's VAT rate to 18% have been defeated in the House of Commons.
Plaid Cymru has called on the Welsh government to do more to protect the country's steel industry.
Manchester City Council has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in the centre of the city.
Liverpool's season is over and it's time to get back to the top of the Premier League.
British number one Heather Waters reached the semi-finals of the World Squash Championships for the second year in a row with victory over Laura Waters.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at how the Labour Party has dealt with anti-Semitism in recent years.
Disney has announced that the animated version of Frozen will be released in 2017.
Wembley's Women's FA Cup semi-final will be held in 2017, organisers have announced.
The United Nations Security Council has condemned North Korea's rocket launch.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat Bolton Wanderers and move up to third in the Championship.
Lancashire all-rounder Liam Livingstone hit a century as Nottinghamshire took control of the second day against Nottinghamshire at Headingley.
Britain's Laura Rivington won her second Diamond League title of the season with victory in the men's 10,000m.
The family of a woman who died in a crash in Aberdeen have paid tribute to her.
Dog poo is a big problem on beaches across the UK.
Chelsea defender Terry Terry has been sent off for a red card in the 1-1 draw with Manchester United.
Six men have been found guilty of carrying out a series of major jewellery and artefacts thefts in England and Wales.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at some of the key issues facing the continent this year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is one of the world's most powerful institutions.
A football fan has raised more than £10,000 for a hospice after swimming the length of the River Thames.
Aston Villa boss Steve Sherwood says his side will not be relegated from the Premier League after their FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa.
Edinburgh head coach Gregor Townsend says his side are "disappointed" after failing to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
One of the world's most famous shipyards, Govan Shipbuilders, has died at the age of 90.
A woman who was raped by her ex-boyfriend has been found guilty of attempted murder.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be included in England's squad for next month's World Cup qualifier against Germany, says former striker Paul Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the French Open with a straight-set victory over Canadian Nick Pospisil.
The inventor of Etch A Sketch has died at the age of 90.
The UK's largest green bank, the Green Investment Bank (GIB), is to sell its shares to private investors.
A solar-powered phone box has been installed in central London for the first time.
Samsung has said it will not be recalling any of its Galaxy Note 7 phones because of faulty batteries.
Former Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to a string of sex offences dating back to the 1970s.
The US space agency, Nasa, has released a new image of its Mars rover, Curiosity.
A Welsh Conservative MP has said she will not release the full report of an independent review into the death of her husband.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
More than 1,000 schools in England and Wales are operating illegally, the head of Ofsted has said.
A controversial plan to build a garden in Aberdeen has been rejected by the city council.
The home of one of the world's most decorated submariners has been turned into a museum.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi has been cleared of tax fraud, a court in Spain has ruled.
Celtic will face Partick Thistle in the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
A group of doctors has criticised plans to cut the number of patients referred to the NHS in England.
Former US intelligence chief David Petraeus has said he would like to serve as President-elect Donald Trump.
Taiwan's first Buddhist monk, Hsieh Hsiao, has become one of the world's leading religious leaders.
A children's hospital in Rhondda Cynon Taff has opened to the public for the first time.
More than half of mothers in Wales do not breastfeed, a campaign group has said.
A Syrian woman has pleaded guilty to trying to travel to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State group.
The European Union has agreed to create a new list of tax havens in the wake of the Panama Papers leak.
Championship side Blackburn Rovers have agreed a deal to sign Nigeria midfielder Victor Ambrose until the end of the season.
Arctic terns have been warned to stay away from their nests.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by gains in Apple and Bank of America.
The chairman of BHS, Sir Philip Green, has said he will not give up his knighthood.
Glasgow Warriors prop Leone Nakarawa has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
New Zealand all-rounder Ravindra Patel has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
The number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Senior British military figures have written to the prime minister urging him to reopen a review into the defence of the UK.
Scientists say they have found a new place to explore the Earth's crust.
A study has found that some people are more likely to engage in "quiet thinking" than others.
A 13-year-old girl has been shot dead by a dog in Kent.
A man has been stabbed to death in central London.
Researchers in Taiwan have captured the movements of a spider known as the Adjanson spider.
Exeter Chiefs have extended the contracts of three of their top-six players.
Leicestershire chairman Paul Slade says he is "very happy" to be part of the club's new ownership group.
It's been a busy start to the Premier League season.
The DUP and Sinn Féin have been in the headlines for the first time since the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
Domino's has reported better-than-expected sales in the UK for the first three months of the year.
Blackburn Rovers have signed former Crewe Alexandra defender David Osbourne on a two-year deal.
At least 23 people have been killed in a suicide attack on a Tunisian museum, the country's prime minister has said.
Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) leader Gerry Adams has said the party has reached "the limits of its ability".
President Barack Obama's first speech as president of the African Union (AU) came to an end.
Michael Farquhar has been discharged from hospital following a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
Children should be warned not to trespass on railway tracks, a charity has said.
World number one Tiger Woods has said he is taking medication to help him sleep better.
A new cessation of hostilities in the Syrian city of Aleppo has been signed by the US and Russia.
Arsenal, Liverpool and Arsenal have been drawn drawn drawn in the Europa League group stages for the first time.
A man has been found guilty of setting fire to a house in the Scottish Borders.
President Francois Hollande's decision to strip French citizens of their French nationality in the wake of the Paris attacks has divided the country.
The Green Party has pledged to scrap a tax on sanitary products.
Police are appealing for information after a cash machine was damaged during a robbery at a bank in East Lothian.
The Co-operative Insurance Co-op has been ordered to provide customers with a list of free insurance protection.
South Africa's highest court has upheld the acquittal of Olympic gold medallist Oscar Pistorius.
Russia's foreign minister has accused the US of trying to "destroy" the opposition to President Bashar al-Assad.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a fun slide in Londonderry to raise money for cancer research.
China's government has removed a controversial documentary about air pollution.
A man has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following a robbery at a house in Londonderry.
Dagenham and Redbridge came from behind to beat Bromley in the National League.
More than a third of children in England are being sexually exploited, a report says.
Scottish distiller Crawford Gillies has stepped down from his role as chairman of the Scottish distiller.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Friday, extending the gains made in the previous session.
Afghanistan's Taliban leader has said he will fight for Islam, in an audio message released by the Taliban.
Worcestershire batsman Joe Tongue hit a century as Glamorgan took control of the second day of their One-Day Cup match.
A lollipop lorry driver has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car.
Clint Dempsey has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Tributes have been paid to a triathlete whose body has been found in a lake.
Barcelona have said they will not be paying any tax for the club's purchase of Brazil forward Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's largest investor in clean energy, according to a new report.
Plans for a temporary bridge to replace a broken bridge have been approved by a county council.
A football club has returned to Scarborough for the first time in more than a decade.
A Dundee man has been found guilty of possessing two stun guns with an estimated street value of £10,000.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller has resigned.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being found unconscious in a street.
A reality TV star has said he was "shocked" by comments he made about his appearance on a reality TV show.
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson has been accused of lying about his childhood.
Nigeria's Fifa president Issa Adamu says he has no knowledge of any corruption allegations against him.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Astronomers are making more detailed maps of dark matter.
Nigeria's parliament has approved a bill that would criminalise social media users.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been suspended by the Football Association for using abusive language during a match, says the FA's chief executive, Francesco Dyke.
Nigeria's Islamist militant group Boko Haram has offered a reward of up to $2m (£1m) for information leading to its capture.
George is one of the most famous cats in the world.
A boat carrying migrants has capsized off the coast of Libya after being attacked by armed men, a charity says.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
UKIP has spent more than £1m on campaigning for the general election than any other party in the UK, official figures show.
Salford Red Devils have appointed Sam Forster as their new head coach.
At least 20 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
The US Senate has rejected President Donald Trump's plan to cut foreign aid to the US.
Have you ever wondered what it's like to live in a lake in the Indian city of Bangalore?
A 79-year-old man has been stabbed to death in south Wales.
The design of the London Para-athletics Championships has been unveiled.
A ban on the sale of legal highs in England and Wales has been lifted, the BBC has learned.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
One of the biggest markets in Asia has been hit by a software glitch.
A man has been jailed for three months for using his mobile phone in public places.
Plans to phase out some of the world's most harmful gases are under way in a bid to save the ozone layer.
Mobile phone firm EE has developed drones that can be used to send balloons to remote areas of the world.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's Six Nations match against England at Twickenham will be "a special occasion".
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to an Islamic State supporter who accused him of supporting the so-called Islamic State.
Plans for a wind farm in Dingwall have been approved by councillors.
The UK government has said it will not be able to repeal EU laws until the UK leaves the European Union.
Taxi-hailing app Uber says it has lost more than $2bn (£1.2bn) in China in the last year.
Parents of children at a children's holiday camp in Hertfordshire have been told they will not be refunded.
Gennady Golovkin says he will not fight Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez for the IBF world middleweight title.
A man has died following a crash at Dundee Airport.
Former England captain Tom Finney is one of the best-known players in the world, according to former players.
Championship side Watford have signed Watford striker Christian Verheindt on a season-long loan deal.
The head of the Pakistani army's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), has been appointed.
The death of a baby boy at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary has been ruled a miscarriage.
Banks should be allowed to break the ring-fenced part of the UK's banking system, a watchdog has said.
A man has been shot dead in Sheffield.
A man has died after falling to his death on a coral reef.
Scientists say they have discovered a drug that could be used to treat stroke.
Plans for a joint training centre for Northern Ireland's fire and prison services have been submitted to the Northern Ireland Executive.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a mountain in Aberdeenshire.
It's the first day of a blind cricket tournament in the Caribbean.
Jack has been diagnosed with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
A woman has appealed against her conviction for stealing more than £10,000 from a County Armagh castle.
Olympic gold medallist Ryan Lochte has been stripped of his sponsorship of Speedo.
Durham beat Lancashire by eight wickets to reach the third round of the One-Day Cup.
Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to reach the Premier League.
A new office building in Belfast city centre has been given the go ahead.
Claire, who has been paralysed from the waist down for more than two years, is ready to take on the challenge of running the London Marathon.
California's San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department has said it has made "significant improvements" to its jail system.
A fruit that has been growing in South Yorkshire for more than 30 years has finally been eaten.
Johannes Njalbandian has been banned from the world's top level of karate for three years.
Chris Froome's victory in the Tour de France was a "heroic moment", says Team Sky team-mate Paul Brailsford.
A huge piece of old bread has been found in a field in Argentina.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha will need to learn from his predecessor Rafael Benitez if he is to become a successful manager, according to his former club.
Steven Finn has returned to England's batting line-up for the second Test against Pakistan.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched its first space vehicle.
The decision to delay the opening of two new primary schools in the Isle of Wight has been reversed.
Greece's former finance minister, Panos Papasparasopoulos, has been cleared of tax evasion after a Greek court found him guilty of a tax evasion charge.
A blind blind blind has been stolen from a hospital in Berkshire.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for embezzlement.
A man has been jailed for raping and sexually assaulting a woman at her home.
Fertility patients in Scotland should be offered three cycles of IVF treatment, a charity has said.
More than half of hospitals in England and Wales are failing to meet a four-hour A&E time target, according to a report.
Trams have been tested in central London for the first time.
Generic drugmaker Mylan has launched a new version of its EpiPen, in an effort to cut the price of the drug.
Britain's Kell Brook has been ruled out of the rest of the year after suffering a broken leg in his fight with Gennady Golovkin.
Bristol City Council has said it will stop fundraising for the Great British Run.
Crystal Palace striker Moussa Dembele could leave the Premier League club at the end of the season.
Scotland's fisheries minister Michael Gove has said he does not believe the UK will be given full access to the EU's waters after Brexit.
An Indian soldier has been taken to hospital after falling from a glacier in the northern Indian state of Siachen, the army says.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the three months to March, according to official figures.
Plymouth Argyle's League Two play-off semi-final against Latvian side Rotherham United has been postponed.
A man has been arrested in connection with a bomb attack at a convenience store.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a woman in Edinburgh.
The head of Humberside Police has called on the force to allow head teachers to take unpaid leave during the summer holidays.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have found a new site.
Ed Miliband has urged voters not to "gamble" with the Conservatives in the run-up to the general election.
It's been a week since the American football team beat the New York Giants to win the Super Bowl.
A man who killed his six-year-old daughter has been jailed for life.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow beat Taunton to reach the League Two play-off semi-finals.
Glamorgan have signed South Africa fast bowler Colin Ingram on a one-year deal.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said it is "very concerned" about the future of the UK economy.
For the first time in more than a decade, a group of Yazidi women have come together to fight against so-called Islamic State (IS).
Australia all-rounder Darren Clarke hit a century as his side beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first Test in Adelaide.
Bristol's main railway station has been closed for more than a year because of a lack of space.
Ukrposhta, one of Ukraine's largest internet companies, has been hit by a series of cyber attacks.
Actor John McCowen, best known for playing Q Q in the 1970s and 1980s, has died at the age of 83.
Roma striker Francesco Totti has signed a new four-year contract with the Serie A club.
Alex de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Johannesburg.
More than half of Northern Ireland's business leaders think the UK's exit from the European Union is a good idea, according to a survey by the chamber of commerce.
A bus has caught fire in central London.
Morrisons has said it will increase the price of Marmite because of a rise in the value of the pound.
A new Glasgow School of Art building has been officially opened.
Scotland's First Minister Ian Smith has said he wants Scotland to remain a member of the European Union.
Former Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired at the age of 37.
Strong winds have caused severe flooding in parts of Scotland, the Scottish government has said.
The European Commission has announced a €1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) funding package to help farmers in Northern Ireland.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle boss Pedro Caixinha says he was disappointed by his side's poor start to the season.
A new species of otter is to be reintroduced to Scotland for the first time.
A few years ago, I was a student at a university in Bangkok.
The Liberal Democrats have apologised after a UKIP candidate said HIV patients should be treated in the NHS.
Barcelona midfielder Dani Alves has left the club.
For the first time, SpaceX has successfully tested its Falcon rocket.
Police investigating the deaths of two British tourists in Thailand have returned to the UK.
Warwickshire batsman Ravindra Chopra took a career-best six-wicket haul as his side were held to a draw by Nottinghamshire.
Members of the Welsh Assembly should be able to vote in the assembly election if they live in Wales, a former assembly member has said.
It's been a busy week for the Conservative Party in England and Wales.
Former Formula 1 world champion Paddy Lowe is set to leave Mercedes at the end of the season.
A knife has been found at a prison in Northumberland.
A 90-year-old man who died after being hit by a van has been named by police.
The family of a man who went missing in Thailand last year have said they are "devastated and devastated".
Arsenal have changed their name to the Women's Super League One club.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Surrey.
The parents of a student who died after a carbon monoxide leak have said they are "devastated" by her death.
MPs have voted in favour of a plan to set up a UK budget surplus for the next five years.
A carnival is to be held in Leeds for the first time, organisers have announced.
Bournemouth striker Jack Wilson has returned to action for the first time since returning from a knee injury.
A man accused of plotting to overthrow the US military has been extradited to Pakistan.
Ipswich Town moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Brighton.
A cash machine and a cash machine have been stolen from a shop in Oxfordshire.
The family of a junior doctor who was found dead in a sea off Devon say they are "devastated" by her death.
The number of visitors to Cairn Gairn has reached its highest level for more than a decade.
A former Sinn Féin MP has denied allegations that he was involved in the murder of Jean McConville.
If you're looking for a new home for a prehistoric dinosaur, you could be in luck.
Two women have appeared in court charged with the murder of a three-year-old girl.
Sinn Féin leader Edwin Poots has said he does not want to work with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
A man has admitted raping and murdering a 15-year-old girl he met online.
Wigan Warriors wing Lewis Tierney has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a traditional St Patrick's Day parade in County Donegal.
If you want to know what you need to know about Wales, go to the assembly election website.
Birmingham City manager Jurgen Redknapp says he wants to sign more players before the end of the season.
Blackpool came from behind to beat Colchester in the League Two play-off semi-final.
Foreign Secretary Sajid Javid has called for more international co-operation to tackle the global steel crisis.
Tributes have been paid to a police officer who died at his home in Durham.
More people in Wales have access to high-speed internet than anywhere else in the UK, according to a report by Ofcom.
Tata Steel has agreed to sell its Rotherham steelworks to a private equity firm.
Planning permission has been given for a new travellers' site in Powys.
A church in Kent has been saved from a plague of cockroaches.
US Senator Lindsey Graham has said he has found a phone number for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
US President Barack Obama has said he is "very happy" with the success of his healthcare law.
A man has been arrested in connection with a hoax bomb scare in Belfast city centre.
The US government has proposed new rules to curb the use of electronic devices in cars.
A Northern Ireland delegation has arrived in the Colombian capital, Bogota, to discuss the peace process.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Coventry.
Chris Lyth's first-class century of the season helped Surrey beat Yorkshire by eight wickets in a rain-affected first day at The Oval.
A man has been fined £1,000 after a car crashed into a wall in a village.
Former Coronation Street star Simon Cowell has been accused of using offensive language on social media.
A water main in County Londonderry has failed, the Irish Water Authority has said.
A woman has been robbed at knifepoint in Londonderry.
Sinn Féin MLA Jim Eastwood has said he will challenge SDLP leader Gerry McDonnell for the party's leadership.
A County Cumbernauld town has been chosen as the winner of the 2015 Carbuncle Awards.
A quantity of cannabis worth more than £1m has been seized at the Isle of Man TT, police have said.
The leader of the Welsh Labour party has said the party needs to re-establish itself.
World number one Heather Sorenstam believes she has the potential to become a top-10 player in the world.
A Scottish student who raised more than £10,000 for a mobile phone tracking app has said he is "disappointed" it has been cancelled.
Bangladesh has declared a state of emergency after a power cut caused a major blackout in the capital, Dhaka.
Sinn Féin's culture minister, Ní Chuíínín, has called for an independent inquiry into the culture of Sport NI.
Patients with cancer will no longer be able to buy new drugs under a new system set up by the NHS.
A 19-year-old man has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death with a steak knife.
Two London schoolgirls who went to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group have been married, their families have said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been suspended for the rest of the season after being sent off during a match against Burnley.
A collection of ceramic cups and saucers has been stolen from a house in London.
A Gloucestershire mental health trust has been criticised for failing to report abuse to the NHS.
Glamorgan all-rounder Ben Wright has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Raffaele Sollecito, the Italian man convicted of murdering American student Amanda Kercher, has been sentenced to life in prison.
World number one Jordan Spieth will be "devastated" by the loss of his Masters title, says former world number one Danny Willett.
A South African athlete has accused the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) of treating him as a "disgrace".
Carlos Ramirez scored twice as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bournemouth at Vicarage Road.
It is the centenary of the Battle of the Bannockburn.
Luton Town have signed former Hibernian striker Luton Town for an undisclosed fee.
Fifteen people have been arrested in Belgium in connection with the Paris attacks, police say.
Prime Minister Theresa May has met people affected by the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Salford Red Devils have agreed a deal to sign former England international Sam Chase until the end of the season.
London Stansted's Loganair flight between Dundee and London has been extended for a further three years.
Anglo American, the world's biggest mining company, has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs.
Cyclist Philippe Demoitie has died after being hit by a motorbike during the Tour de France.
Ulster scrum-half Stuart McCloskey has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
The US space agency has sent a spacecraft to the asteroid Bennu.
The father of a Cambridge University student has been ordered to hand over his son to his ex-wife, a court has heard.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a promenade.
At least three bodies have been found in a village in the Somali capital, Nairobi, police say.
A powerful cyclone has devastated parts of the island of Vanuatu, killing at least 20 people, officials say.
The number of Syrian refugees who have arrived in the UK over the past five years has not been confirmed, the minister has said.
An "unrealistic and unjustifiable" charge has been introduced in England and Wales, a committee of MPs has said.
Asda has fixed a security flaw in its website that could lead to the theft of millions of pounds of customer data.
A former drug-smuggling pilot has been jailed for life for attacking a man in his flat.
Mexico beat Brazil 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Rio Olympics for the first time in four years.
A new version of the Royal Mint's £1 coin will be released in April, the bank has announced.
Former world number one Andy Murray says he is ready to return to coaching for the first time.
A woman has told a court she was raped by a man in Edinburgh.
Sunderland have appointed Sam Allardyce as their new manager.
It's one of Wales' most famous sporting traditions.
George Clooney has called for a UN inquiry into the genocide committed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
Plans to merge a primary school and a secondary school have been put on hold.
Fifteen people have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a Syrian asylum seeker in Berlin.
David Cameron has defended his decision to allow ministers to vote to remain in the European Union.
A US appeals court has upheld the conviction of convicted serial killer Brendan Dassey.
A plan to sell stolen software to the hackers behind the WannaCry cyber-attack has been scrapped.
Aston Villa have completed the signing of Aston Villa striker Jonathan Kodjia for an undisclosed fee.
Schools in England should be allowed to become academies, a think tank has said.
A new version of Doctor Who has been discovered in a London Tube station.
Luxury airline Menzies has said it expects to miss its full-year profit forecast.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson's planned visit to Russia has been cancelled.
A poster urging children not to be afraid of police has gone viral on social media.
Police are investigating allegations of historical child sexual abuse against Lord Janner, the BBC has learned.
Nottingham Forest Ladies have agreed to merge with Notts County Ladies.
The Northern Ireland Secretary of State, Kirsty Villiers, has said the flag should be used as a symbol of unity.
A man has died after being hit by a tractor on a dual carriageway.
Singer Ellie Goulding has said she does not want to marry a gay man in Australia.
England reached the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup with a convincing victory over New Zealand at Twickenham.
People with osteoarthritis are more likely to have joint replacements than those without, a study suggests.
A Utah woman has been sentenced to life in prison for the deaths of her two babies.
Head teachers have said they are "disappointed" at the lack of action to tackle the Trojan Horse scandal.
Matty Taylor scored twice as MK Dons extended their unbeaten run to eight games with victory over Bristol Rovers.
Protests have broken out in the Philippines over a controversial genetically modified rice crop.
Fabrice Delph's £8m move from Aston Villa to Manchester City was completed on Thursday.
A London hospital has been told to improve its emergency department after a patient was left on a trolley for more than 12 hours.
A review into the death of schoolboy Adam Swinney has found it was "unlikely" he would have been killed.
In the early 1990s, Paul Ryan was caught up in the world of drugs.
A new degree in Urdu has been launched at the University of Oxford.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been accused of trying to smuggle oil into the country from the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Thousands of people have taken selfies with police officers at a music festival.
The head of the European Council has said the UK's exit from the European Union will not happen before the end of the year.
Samsung Electronics, the world's biggest smartphone maker, has reported a sharp fall in quarterly profits.
Police in China say they have seized more than 1,000 cases of herbal medicine, including a type of Viagra.
Bristol City Council has said it expects to be cleared of waste by the end of the week.
TalkTalk has said it has been hit by a cyber attack on its website.
Northern Ireland's Kyle Lowry is three shots off the lead at the halfway stage of the US PGA Championship.
A new production car has broken the world record for the fastest car in the world.
A former US soldier accused of raping a woman in the Democratic Republic of Congo has told a court he had sex with her.
Scarlets scrum-half Scott McCall says he would have been "shocked" if he had been hit by Saracens prop James Davies.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos says he has found the last of his rocket engines.
More than 100,000 people are expected to take part in this year's Hong Kong International Art Festival.
A group of Ghanaian musicians have released a video of themselves dancing in the streets of the capital, Accra.
Leicester City fans had to wait more than an hour to get to their club's Premier League game.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday after the US economy grew at a faster pace than expected last month.
Kevin Pietersen has been dropped from England's squad for the third Test against South Africa at Lord's.
Scientists say they have identified more than 1,000 genes that cause breast cancer.
People with chronic pain are more likely to suffer from depression, according to a new study.
Chelsea reached the fourth round of the Premier League for the first time with victory over Manchester City at Stamford Bridge.
Students at London Central University are to go on strike in protest at a planned strike by staff.
Raith Rovers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to five points with victory over Falkirk.
Glamorgan beat Kent by eight wickets in a rain-affected one-day international at Canterbury.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of three girls who were hit by a car.
The parents of a teenage girl who died after a boat capsized have set out a code of conduct.
Aston Villa have rejected a bid from Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian to sign striker Vincent Gueye for an undisclosed fee.
Nigeria have been shortlisted for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations Women's Player of the Year award.
A lorry driver has been killed in a collision with a bus in Bristol.
Scott Pollock has broken the world record for the fastest time in a marathon.
The son of Bahrain's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Wefaq has called for dialogue between the government and opposition.
Schools in the US state of Georgia have closed after a teacher asked students to memorise the words of the Koran.
Former Barcelona and Ajax midfielder Johan Cruyff has paid tribute to the club's former captain.
Petra Kvitova reached the second round of the French Open with a straight-set victory over Johanna Konta.
Members of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) have been given permission to fly the Ulster Unionist flag at the Battle of the Somme.
Martin Meeke won the final round of the World Rally Championship for the second year in a row.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has been suspended after a video emerged showing a driver sitting in the back of a self-driving car.
BBC presenter Brian Matthew has died at the age of 90.
Liam Charnley says he wants to play rugby league for the rest of his life.
Israel's new police chief has been sworn in, the BBC has learned.
In the middle of a busy street in Consett, a group of young men are trying to decide what they want to do with their lives.
Mexican singer Enrique Iglesias will have to undergo reconstructive surgery after breaking his leg during a concert.
A former police officer has called for a ban on the sale and possession of drugs in Northern Ireland.
Johnny Sexton and Johnny Sexton have been named in the British and Irish Lions squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Calls for deaf people to apply for jobs in Wales are being ignored, a charity has said.
A man has been shot dead in Liverpool.
The United Nations has defended its decision to name Wonder Woman as its new secretary general.
A former Royal Marine has won a legal challenge against the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has met US President-elect Donald Trump for the first time.
The European Champions League has come to an end.
A transgender woman has launched a legal challenge to her gender identity.
A man has been taken to hospital after his car became wedged in a lake in Hertfordshire.
Back in the 1980s, the BBC Micro computer was one of the most powerful computers in the world.
League Two side Southend United have re-signed striker Alex Pigott on loan until the end of the season.
Stephen Thorne is to co-write a TV series based on the novel Electric Electric Dreams, the BBC has announced.
A 13-year-old girl has been shot dead at a primary school in north London.
A 90-year-old man who has been unable to talk to his wife for more than 30 years has been reunited with her.
Plans to cut the number of midwives at a Oxfordshire maternity hospital have been criticised.
A new vein has been discovered in a rare rock in the Peak District.
Indian weightlifter Nitin Singh has denied allegations that his drugs were tampered with after he tested positive for a banned substance.
The number of pupils using tablet computers in schools in England is rising, a study suggests.
A group of students from Queen's University have taken up residence in the Queen's Hall.
Camara has signed a new three-year contract with Guiseley.
Oscar-winning Scottish musician Jason Eska has won the Mercury Prize for his debut album.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found stabbed to death in South Africa.
Polish Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski has called for the country's parliament to be set up to investigate the crash of a plane that killed former President Andrzej Duda.
Cardiff City have reported a loss of more than £1m in the last financial year.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Sussex.
A statue of two women who fought in World War Two has been unveiled in Sheffield.
Plymouth Argyle defender Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Joey Sexton and Sean O'Mahony each scored a hat-trick as Ireland beat France to reach the quarter-finals of the European Championship.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a three-year-old boy who died after being hit by a drug dealer.
Former Mauritius Prime Minister Paul Jugugnauth has resigned as prime minister.
A patient with a rare type of lung cancer has been successfully transplanted into his own body.
Hearts have completed the signing of Ousmane Oshaniwa from Israel for an undisclosed fee.
World number one Johanna Konta has withdrawn from the US Open in New York.
Tributes have been paid to a football fan who was found dead at his home in Merseyside.
A group of musicians have been performing on a bus in London.
Marko Arnautovic scored a hat-trick as Stoke beat Aston Villa to move to within a point of the Premier League relegation zone.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, the BBC has been using WhatsApp to communicate with people across the world.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the challenges facing the UK's wine industry.
Manchester United made it through to the semi-finals of the FA Cup for the first time with a hard-fought victory over Cambridge.
The European Union has condemned Turkey's bombardment of Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at a meat market.
Peterborough United manager Paul Westley says the club's players are suffering from a "depression".
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has suspended shellfish shellfish operations in Devon and Cornwall until further notice.
The European Union has accused Russia of breaching its border with Georgia.
In the wake of the Charlie Hebdo shooting in Paris last week, many of my students have been taking part in a minute's silence.
Ghana's mission to combat the spread of the Ebola virus in West Africa has returned to the capital, Accra.
At least eight people have been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in the northern Nepalese city of Kathmandu, officials say.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday after the US Supreme Court ruled that the country's health insurance laws were unconstitutional.
The FA Cup semi-final between North Shields and Brentford will be broadcast live on BBC One.
When I first started working as a football groundsman, I had no idea what I was doing.
Venezuela's opposition-led National Assembly has rejected a request by three of its members to break up the opposition.
Six people have been arrested after a lorry was found abandoned on a motorway.
Children who read more than three books a week are more likely to score well in maths and reading, a study suggests.
Dundee United midfielder Jack Goodwin has been given a three-match ban by the Scottish Football Association (SFA).
The Church of England's decision to ordain women bishops has been hailed as a "historic moment" in its history.
The founder of the family-run bakery, Greggs, has been found guilty of sexually abusing children.
Falkirk-based construction firm North North has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year.
In the wake of last week's deadly attack at Westgate shopping centre in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, security services have stepped up their efforts to combat terrorism.
The US has begun training Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State group, the Pentagon has said.
The first round of the French presidential election has taken place.
The brother of a former Glastonbury DJ has paid tribute to him at his funeral.
The family of Adam Lanza, the 11-year-old boy shot dead by a gunman at a school in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as "very shy".
The Republic of Ireland women's hockey team reached the semi-finals of the European Women's Hockey Championship.
A man has been jailed for five years after falling from a high-security mental health unit.
Four men have been arrested in connection with an armed police operation in Bedford.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, many people are wondering what will happen to the UK economy.
A UKIP MP has accused the party of using the NHS as a "laughing stock" in its election campaign.
World number one Milos Raonic beat world number one Roger Federer to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
Morecambe continued their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Mansfield.
Two masked men have been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a man in Kilmarnock.
Celtic manager Derek Ferguson has praised Scott Brown after the Scottish Cup semi-final defeat by Rangers.
Newport County chairman Mike Foxall says the club's fans have been "very positive" since he took over as manager.
The parents of a woman who was murdered in Mauritius say they are "devastated" by her death.
More than half of people in England and Wales have no idea who they want to vote for, a survey suggests.
The decision by the BBC to drop Jeremy Clarkson from its Top Gear programme has sparked outrage across the world.
A former head teacher has been cleared of misconduct after a disciplinary panel ruled he did not have any religious beliefs.
Wales defender Luke Davies has signed a new three-year contract with Championship side Cardiff City.
Regular exercise increases the size of the brain and reduces the risk of dementia, a study suggests.
An inquest into the death of a man at a County Tyrone hospital has found a "system of failure".
A 14-year-old girl who went missing after the earthquake in Nepal has been found safe and well.
World number one Andy Murray will face former world number one Naomi Broady in the first round of the Australian Open.
Voters across Europe have voted to leave the European Union.
Three men have been jailed for trying to smuggle illegal immigrants into the UK.
Prince Harry has performed the Haka in New Zealand for the first time.
The introduction of a sugar tax in Scotland's food stores could help tackle obesity, according to a report.
Partick Thistle have said they are investigating allegations of historical sexual abuse at the club.
Illegal lorries have broken through a fence at a travellers' site in Essex.
Telecoms giant Hutchison Whampoa has announced plans to merge with the UK's biggest mobile operator, O2.
Wales head coach Gregor McBryde says he expects Wales to have a "strong" squad for the tour of New Zealand.
An artificial intelligence system has been developed at the University of Zurich.
Two men have been jailed for fraudulently defrauding businesses out of more than £1m.
A £10,000 fund has been set up to help refugees who have arrived in Scotland.
It's that time of year again.
Cornwall Pirates have signed Harlequins full-back Alex Seesman and Harrow prop Alex Morgan on two-year deals.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against the closure of Stafford Hospital.
A man with Crohn's disease has become the first person in Wales to have a bowel operation.
When President Donald Trump announced plans to erect a statue of George Washington in the US state of Virginia, it was not the first time he had done so.
Plans for a new tram system in Derbyshire have been revealed.
Newport Gwent Dragons shareholders have voted in favour of a takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
Hundreds of people have taken part in the annual Beltane Fire Festival in Belfast.
Soldiers and their families have moved into new homes at a military base in north-west London.
The driver of a Tesla Model S has been accused of failing to control the vehicle's self-driving system.
A Ugandan government website has been hacked, the BBC has learned.
A man has been jailed for four years for trying to smuggle pepper spray into the Republic of Ireland.
Liam Heath has become Sri Lanka's all-time leading wicket-taker in one-day international cricket.
A man has been seriously injured in a hit-and-run in west London.
Saudi Arabia has said it will sue the United States over its role in the 9/11 attacks.
A decommissioned oil rig which capsized off the west coast of the UK has been moved to Malta.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a Christian couple in Pakistan.
Libya's government has rejected a UN-backed plan to form a unity government, the UN says.
It's that time of year again.
A former NFL player has been found dead in a Nebraska prison.
The number of police shootings in England and Wales has reached a new all-time high, a watchdog has said.
Germany's Adidas has ended a five-year partnership with the world governing body, the IAAF.
Ireland's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Intercontinental Cup were dealt a blow as a rain-interrupted one-day match was abandoned.
Kenya's President Uhuru Ruto has been shot dead by a man armed with a machete, police say.
Scientists are going on a scientific expedition in the Pacific Ocean.
A Minnesota judge has ruled that the family of pop star Prince could be split up.
A Scottish blogger has been arrested on suspicion of harassing people on social media.
West Ham owner Daniel Sullivan has said he has no intention of selling his stake in the club.
Google has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
A Dumfries-based engineering firm has said it expects to cut its workforce by more than 50% over the next five years.
A woman accused of stealing more than £10,000 from her elderly neighbour has told a court she was a "faithful person".
A man has been airlifted to hospital after a bus he was travelling in crashed into a tree.
Google has launched its voice-activated smart speaker, Google Home, in the UK.
A mother and her two daughters have been deported to Nigeria after the Home Office refused to allow them to leave the country.
A senior member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has been expelled from the party.
A 19-year-old man has been shot dead in Spain.
A panda born at Edinburgh Zoo has been artificially inseminated, the zoo has confirmed.
Wigan Athletic moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Wigan Athletic.
Wigan Warriors full-back Lance Hohaia has been banned for six months after being sent off in the Super League defeat by St Helens.
Hungary's transport minister has announced that buses will be offered to migrants who have been stranded in Hungary for more than a week.
Chelsea striker Victor Moses has been offered a new deal by the Premier League club, says boss Antonio Hughes.
Coventry City maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Millwall.
Scottish councils are spending more money on education than they did in England, according to new figures.
A Dundee man who was found guilty of illegally downloading child pornography has had his appeal against his conviction overturned.
Tributes have been paid to Irish soldiers who fought in the 1916 Battle of the Somme.
The Indiana Pacers will play the Toronto Raptors in the first game of the NBA season in London.
The family of one of the world's most famous fishermen, Jimmy, have told the inquests into his death.
Grimsby maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Mansfield.
Somalia's President Abdrabbuh Mansour Abubakar has promised amnesty to those who defected to the Islamist militant group al-Shabab.
JCB has said it will no longer be a member of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
More than 1,000 domestic workers in Hong Kong have marched through the capital, Taipei, in protest against a government crackdown on illegal immigration.
Eoin Morgan hit a career-best century as England beat Australia by eight wickets in the first one-day international at Old Trafford.
Millwall extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over Walsall.
Sean O'Driscoll has been appointed as Liverpool's new first-team coach.
Thousands of people in the US have been affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban.
The Metropolitan Police's handling of the London riots could have been improved, a committee of MPs has said.
It's been a busy week in the world of social media.
Voters in the UK will decide whether to stay in the European Union or leave it.
A former drug dealer has been jailed for eight years for stealing more than £1m from his wife's home.
Japan's knotweed is one of the most invasive plants in the world.
The cost of renting beach huts in Pembrokeshire has risen by more than a third, a council has said.
A barge carrying oil from a North Sea oil rig has been forced to close after strong winds caused it to sink.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at why chocolate eggs are so popular in the UK.
Councillors in Liverpool have backed plans to introduce a late-night curfew in the city centre.
US President Barack Obama has called for a full investigation into the bombing of the Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) hospital in Afghanistan.
Britain's Laura Shuker and Stephane Houdet won their first mixed doubles titles at the British Open.
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
Wigan maintained their unbeaten start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory over Castleford.
St Mirren maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
Nottingham Forest have signed former Forest Green Rovers defender David Wilson on a season-long loan deal.
For more than 50 years, Burmese Tamils have been living in the Indian-administered state of Tamil Nadu.
More than a third of children in the UK are in "distressed" relationships, according to a new study.
A £1bn competition to develop carbon capture and storage (CCS) projects in Scotland has been cancelled.
The European Space Agency (ESA) has launched a new satellite-based navigation system, Galileo.
The mother of a missing West Yorkshire schoolgirl has said her daughter's body has been found in a canal.
Police in Northern Ireland have removed a Facebook post linking to a man shot dead in west Belfast.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would consider resigning if he received a phone call from the club's owner.
Gareth Bale says Wales can beat Israel to reach the quarter-finals of the Euro 2016 finals.
Prime Minister Theresa May has visited a Chinese school in London.
More needs to be done to tackle sepsis, a leading charity has said.
Work to build a cycle track on a nature reserve in Derbyshire has been halted by a High Court judge.
Plans for a new mental health hospital in Somerset have been approved.
More than 1,000 UK business leaders have signed a letter calling for the UK to remain in the European Union.
Labour leadership hopeful Caroline Cooper has said she would support Jeremy Corbyn if he wins the party's leadership.
The Glastonbury Festival has been named as the UK's biggest music festival for the first time.
Hundreds of people have taken to social media to share photos of what they believe to be lenticular clouds.
A statue of former Watford boss Sir Bobby Taylor will be erected in Hertfordshire, the club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Davies says he was "disappointed" by his side's poor performance in their Pro12 semi-final defeat by Crusaders.
Omar Bogle scored a hat-trick as Barnet came from behind to beat Grimsby.
Sunderland have agreed a new deal to sign Argentine striker Sergio Scocco.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A new metro rail line has opened in the Indian city of Chennai.
Hundreds of litres of fuel have been dumped in a disused area of Armagh, County Armagh.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been named in the squad for the one-day international series against Pakistan.
Ireland beat Afghanistan by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Delhi.
A US astronaut has completed his first spacewalk on the International Space Station.
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire, police have said.
Two men have been jailed after being found guilty of trafficking illegal drugs into the dark web.
Ireland fly-half B O'Driscoll has been named in the starting XV for Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against New Zealand.
(Close): London's leading share index ended the day higher, with the FTSE 100 leading the way.
Margaret Thatcher has died at the age of 83.
Russia has sent a shipment of Russian-made ballistic missiles to Syria, the US ambassador to the UN has said.
Bristol's Dondonderry theme park has been accused of being a hoax.
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party following the party's defeat in the general election.
Four cats have died after being poisoned with antiseptic, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter Chiefs are "very concerned" that a player could be sent to hospital after suffering a concussion.
Singapore's biggest retailers have been ordered to stop selling products affected by haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has sworn in President Hugo Chavez as the country's new president.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of same-sex marriage.
England's performance at the World Cup has improved, according to a new study.
Labour MP Zac Goldsmith has been elected as London's next mayor.
A woman whose jewellery was stolen from her home during a burglary has said she has been "devastated" by the ordeal.
Rule The World has won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career.
A head teacher has been suspended after being found guilty of unpaid school fines.
Lewis Hamilton has called for a "halo" system in Formula 1 to be introduced after the death of his father.
Drones have been deployed to monitor the impact of climate change in Wales.
Each day we feature a message sent in from across the UK.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England international Paul Dunn as their new head coach.
The Grammys are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
The world's biggest distiller of Scotch whisky has reported better-than-expected sales in the first three months of the year.
The Wall Street Journal has reported better-than-expected quarterly profits, helped by strong print sales.
China's state media have reacted angrily to the ruling by the International Court of Arbitration for Human Rights (ICHR).
An 18-month-old baby who died after being removed from a ventilator has been named as Rohan Rhodes.
The number of people who have been diagnosed with skin cancer has reached a record high.
A man who conned people out of thousands of pounds by pretending to be his home address has been jailed for three years.
A three-year-old boy has been found dead in a block of flats.
An Oxford University student has been found guilty of throwing a cross on the Cenotaph during a protest against tuition fees.
A man has been jailed for life for beating a doctor to death with a machete.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of suicide attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
Austria has announced plans to limit the number of asylum seekers entering the country.
Former England captain David Beckham has submitted a proposal for a major expansion of the Major League Soccer franchise in Miami.
Oscar-winning actress Hedren has said she was sexually harassed by director Alfred Hitchcock.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates say they are treating a woman who has been in a hospital in Dubai for more than two months.
A video showing the Queen holding a Nazi salute has been released by Buckingham Palace.
Lewis Hamilton says he believes he can beat world champion Nico Rosberg at Silverstone on Sunday.
The UK has experienced its worst flooding since records began in 1910, according to new figures.
Labour and the Liberal Democrats are vying to take control of a Nottinghamshire county council.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to win the French Open for the first time.
Durham took control of the second day of their County Championship match against Yorkshire at Headingley.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a broken leg.
The Health and Social Care Advisory Committee (HPC) has recommended that low-risk psychoactive substances should be exempt from the Psychoactive Substances Act.
Algeria's football association, Fenerbahce, has been fined more than 1,000 euros ($1,000; £1,500) after fans threw stones at the club's ground.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe and his wife, Grace, have arrived in the capital, Harare.
Accrington Stanley striker Alex Windass says he hopes to score more goals in the second half of the season.
A New Zealand rocket company has successfully launched its first commercial rocket.
The number of NHS consultants working overtime in Scotland has reached a record high, the BBC has learned.
A new way of playing rugby is being introduced in schools across the world.
Indonesian rescuers are searching for more than 100 people who have been killed by a volcano that erupted last week.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Liverpool striker Mamadou Sakho has been cleared by the European Anti-Doping Agency (UEFA).
It's the first day of campaigning for the Welsh general election.
The Scottish government needs to do more to help children with food insecurity, the education secretary has said.
A 16-year-old girl who took her own life after being told she had suicidal thoughts has died, an inquest has heard.
A scheme to charge motorists for speeding over the speed limit is to be scrapped, a watchdog has said.
Four West Point cadets have been suspended after being involved in a fracas in a classroom.
Brazilian President Michel Temer has been accused of being a racist, homophobic and homophobic politician.
A prototype version of the Batmobile has been sold for $1m (£1m) at auction in Los Angeles.
The Home Secretary Theresa May has unveiled a bill to make it easier for people to apply for asylum in the UK.
The French far-right National Front leader, Marine Le Pen, has launched her campaign for a second term in office.
Mark Selby reached the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship for the first time with a 6-1 win over world number one Ryan O'Brien.
The funeral of a former Barnsley and Hartlepool United goalkeeper has taken place.
The co-operative energy company Co-operative Energy has been ordered to pay more than £1m to customers who complained about problems with their bills.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton suffered a serious head injury in the first practice session of the Hungarian Grand Prix.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was found dead at his home in Cumbria.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Volkswagen, the world's biggest carmaker, has said it will pay up to $18bn (£11bn) in fines over its diesel emissions scandal.
Kilmarnock defender Alex Samson has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Former world number one Andy Murray has given birth to a baby girl, Kim Kim.
The head of France's top four clubs has said he is open to a move to the French Top 14.
Human remains have been found in a broken bridge in a Scottish Borders town.
Virtual reality is taking a big step forward at this year's Electronic Entertainment Expo.
Chinese social media users have reacted angrily to a report that a woman had been forced to have facial surgery.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has accused the Vatican of "destroying peace" in the occupied West Bank.
A 13-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a hare coursing incident in Dalkeith.
A collection of short stories by Welsh authors has been shortlisted for the prestigious Dylan Thomas Prize.
Hundreds of South African students have taken part in a nationwide protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former Eastleigh MP Nick Huhne should have been given a pass to enter the House of Commons, an MP has said.
The Ministry of Defence has been ordered to improve safety at Devonport Royal Dockyard.
A man has been cleared of a string of sex offences dating back to the 1980s.
Microsoft has launched a new version of its Minecraft education software.
Former Republic of Ireland manager Michael O'Neill says he is happy to continue as the club's assistant manager.
Cardiff City boss Steve Trollope says he is not concerned about the club's transfer market.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland has said he does not expect a rate rise before the UK votes to leave the European Union.
European Council President Donald Tusk has said that the UK's exit from the European Union will not happen before the end of the year.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with attempted murder following a serious assault in Dumbarton.
A fire which broke out at a former pub in Carmarthenshire has been put out.
The number of online plagiarism websites has risen in Wales, according to the country's education watchdog.
A man accused of plotting a terror attack on a police officer has told a court he posted a picture of him in a car.
Two poles have been installed at Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf resort.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group says it has lost control of parts of the Iraqi city of Mosul.
Stoke extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points with victory over Chelsea at Vicarage Road.
A third man has been charged with grievous bodily harm following the death of a Dorset man.
Dizzee Rascal will headline this year's Wickenham Festival, organisers have announced.
More than half of Scotland's high street banks are closing, according to a new report.
The Bank of England has announced plans to make it easier for taxpayers to bail out banks that fail.
The UK economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Inverness has been named by police.
China's benchmark share index closed at a record high on Friday, despite a sharp drop in exports.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced that all new banknotes will be withdrawn from circulation by the end of the month.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a spate of sexual assaults in Dorset.
Tony Bellew and Tyson Fury have clashed in the ring ahead of their world heavyweight title fight.
Two climbers who went missing from a French mountain have been found safe and well.
Chevrolet has introduced a new feature that allows drivers to control the speed of their cars at all times.
A new species of dinosaur has been discovered in the Pyrenees.
Kent director of cricket Jim Kennedy has left the county to take up a new role with the T20 Blast club.
An Indian MP has been banned from all flights after he allegedly punched a fellow flight attendant in the face.
One of the deadliest massacres in the history of the Islamic State group has taken place in Syria.
Former Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said he will not travel to the US to meet Donald Trump if he is elected president.
Being overweight increases the risk of colorectal cancer, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said he does not believe the party is in danger of collapse.
A private toilet has been restored to its former glory.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has been praised for his commitment to the country's nuclear deal with world powers.
Former Wales manager Chris Coleman says he would have loved to have been in charge of his son's side at Euro 2016.
Urgent urgent care units at two hospitals in Northumberland have been temporarily closed.
It's been a year since I first met Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Wales has the longest commute in the UK, according to a study by the TUC.
A petition calling for the introduction of microchip scanning has been submitted to Cardiff City Council.
The digital revolution is one of the biggest challenges facing schools in the world.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says he wants to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
Bricks-and-mortar chain Brantano has been put up for sale after it went into administration.
A man accused of murdering his parents in County Londonderry has denied murdering them.
Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Werder Bremen.
A Pembrokeshire council has refused to publish a report into the suicide of a teenage girl.
Google has said it will release a new version of its Android operating system by the end of the year.
The conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic has resigned after talks with the orchestra failed to reach an agreement.
Sinn Féin reached the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship with a 3-13 to 1-13 victory over St Mary's in Londonderry.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former National League side Aldershot Town as their new manager.
Some of the biggest energy suppliers in the UK have announced plans to introduce a cap on their bills.
It's been one of the most exciting Games in Olympic history.
A man has been found stabbed to death on a dual carriageway in Cumbria.
Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has won the first round of the country's presidential election.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said he expects the party to win more seats in Wales than any other party.
Plans to demolish Jersey's busiest airport have been criticised by a charity.
League Two side Charlton Athletic have signed former Charlton striker Sam Smith on loan until the end of the season.
Plans for a football stadium in Bristol have been given the go-ahead by the city council.
Police in Colombia are searching for a notorious drug lord who has been living in luxury luxury homes for more than a decade.
A golf course in Inverness has reopened after a dog escaped from a hole.
Online retailer Tesco has reported better-than-expected pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
League Two side Crewe Alexandra have signed defender Luke Oliver on a season-long loan.
A Polish journalist who said he had been expelled from Russia has said he has no idea why the Russian government sent him a cat.
Venezuela has been accused of using excessive force during anti-government protests, the UN has said.
Two of the world's most powerful satellites, the DMC3 and TripleSat, have been launched in China.
A World War One veteran who was shot dead during the Battle of the Somme has been awarded a Legion of Honour.
League Two side Crawley Town have agreed a new three-year deal to sign striker Sam Allardyce.
Plans to cut the number of councils in Wales could be scrapped if the Liberal Democrats win the assembly election, the party's leader has said.
Saracens have been given a two-week ban for breaching the Rugby Football Union's disciplinary code.
Telegram has been banned in Iran, the country's supreme court has ruled.
Olympic gold medallist Ryan Ainslie says he would love to compete in the 2017 America's Cup.
Microsoft is working on a way to make it easier for people to access the operating system.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a shop in Grimsby.
China has accused Japan of violating the country's pacifist constitution.
New Chelsea boss Rafael Benitez was left frustrated by his side's poor start to the season as they were held to a draw by Southampton.
Coleraine all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's three one-day international series against Sri Lanka.
A fossilised sea turtle has been discovered in a museum in Dorset.
Katie Archibald has won the women's pursuit gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches has reached a record high.
Plans to renovate the Alexandra Palace theatre have been given the go-ahead.
A sinkhole has opened up at a golf course in Kent.
The number of people registering to vote in the general election has reached a record high, a watchdog has said.
Belfast Giants have clinched the BBL Elite League title for the second year in a row.
Ospreys kept alive their hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals with a convincing victory over Racing 92.
A six-year-old boy who has been diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer has been sent Christmas cards.
The world governing body Fifa has called for the 2022 World Cup to be held in summer and winter.
The pound has fallen against the dollar after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast for the UK.
A 13-year-old girl has become the youngest person in the world to be crowned the world's longest dialer.
Former Italy manager Francesco Ventura has been appointed as the new head coach of Serie A side Juventus.
The mother of a boy who was murdered by two convicted paedophiles has said she will never let him go.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Leyton Orient midfielder Victor Anangana on a season-long loan.
England all-rounder James Compton says he does not feel "like a cricket player".
Three teenagers have been charged with the murder of a 19-year-old man who was shot dead in a suburb of Melbourne.
It's not every day you get a chance to read a book.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been left out of the squad for the 2018 Rugby World Cup.
The search engine Google has revealed its top 10 searches for 2014.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Cattle says his side's performance in their European Champions Cup quarter-final defeat by Bristol Rovers was "disappointing".
A woman who has been unable to walk for more than a year has married her partner.
Israel's foreign ministry says it will suspend diplomatic relations with the United States after the UN Security Council voted against a resolution condemning settlements in the occupied West Bank.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has ordered Lithuania to pay compensation to former President Antonis Paksas.
Arsenal maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Watford at Emirates Stadium.
The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for parts of Wales.
The number of miscarriages in the UK has more than doubled in the last decade, according to a new report.
The sale of a Northern Ireland property portfolio to private equity firm Cerberus has been described as a "massive success".
Ayr United maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
The former first minister of Malawi, Lord McConnell, has been photographed falling into a drain in the capital, Malawi.
The body of a prisoner at HMP Elm Elmley has been found in a cell at the prison.
A man who pretended to be a prison officer has been found guilty of fraud.
Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire councils have been fined more than £27,000 by an independent auditor.
A motorcyclist caught speeding on the M4 has been banned from the motorway for life.
The UK has the highest proportion of non-EU nationals living in the EU, according to official figures.
Former EastEnders actress Helen Mirren has died at the age of 90.
Virtual reality is one of the most popular forms of entertainment in the world.
Aberwyth University has the highest overall score of any university in Wales, according to a new survey.
German police have arrested four men in connection with a spate of sex attacks on women in Cologne last year.
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly have been accused of failing to account for their expenses.
A black woman has said she was refused a night out at a nightclub in Nottingham because she was "too white".
The number of children in care in Scotland has reached a new all-time high, according to a new report.
Three men who rescued a burglar from the clutches of a jewellery shop have been named the "Three Musketeers".
Millions of foreign workers living in London could lose their jobs if the UK leaves the EU, a think tank says.
Colchester United defender Conor Keogh has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers in Scotland have voted to go on strike in a dispute over pensions.
A new Translink train has been restored to service following safety concerns.
Indonesia's Islamic clerics have issued a fatwa calling for a ban on underage marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball player has called for a boycott of the country's major league games.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said he does not think the UK would be able to pay for membership of the European single market.
Organisers of Germany's biggest music festival, Rock 'n' Roll, have pulled out of the event after a lightning strike.
India's lower house of parliament has passed a bill to make it easier for juvenile offenders to be sentenced to life in prison.
Three men have appeared in court charged with the murder of Becky Watts.
The mother of a nine-year-old boy who was refused a seat on a flight from London Gatwick to Toulouse has called for an apology from EasyJet.
The founder of the World Polio Foundation has died at the age of 90.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence Party.
Plans for a solar farm in Gwynedd have been approved by the county council.
A High Court judge has ruled that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) failed to stop anti-government protests.
Labour's plan to cut the UK's debt has been criticised by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
A man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
The family of a convicted killer who died at a mental health unit in Newport have said they are "devastated" by the decision not to publish a review.
Somerset's one-day series against Lancashire has been abandoned because of rain.
Schools in England are being labelled "disadvantaged" by the government.
A mother-of-two has begun a legal challenge to a Kensington Kensington block of flats.
The US military has said it will continue to employ more than 1,000 military personnel as part of a partial government shutdown.
A group of Dartmoor Hill ponies have called for a halt to the slaughtering of animals.
Latvian airline Latvian Airlines has suspended all flights between Venezuela and the capital, Caracas.
Three men have been charged with causing death by dangerous driving following a crash in Wakefield.
A member of the so-called Pink Panther gang has been arrested in Barcelona, police say.
Scunthorpe United came from behind to beat Rochdale in the National League.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are to vote on whether to give up a contract to a Glasgow-based contractor.
India's first female captain, Radhika Menon, has been recognised by the International Maritime Organization (IMO).
England captain Alastair Cook's decision to step down after the third Test against India was the most important decision of his career.
The BBC has been asked to help tackle bullying in the UK.
Surrey all-rounder Jason Batty has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Cameroon beat Germany 3-0 to reach the semi-finals of the Confederations Cup.
A fleet of inflatable boats is to be built in Portsmouth as part of the defence spending review, the defence secretary has said.
The HS2 rail line between London and Crewe has been given the go ahead.
The sale of agricultural loans in Northern Ireland is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Theresa Harman has told the BBC that the UK's membership of the European Union could lead to the loss of equal rights for women.
A woman has pleaded guilty to biting her ex-boyfriend's dog.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
England have named four uncapped players in their squad for their Six Nations opener against France on Saturday.
The genome of woolly mammoths has been sequenced for the first time.
Oscar-winning actor George Johnson has died at the age of 83.
Police have released CCTV images of two men they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a woman in Glasgow.
Remains of World War One soldiers have been found in trenches in Wiltshire.
Ceremonies have been unveiled at the Cathedral of Lincoln to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Netherlands.
Plans to ban fast-food restaurants in Kent have been approved by councillors.
Lego has ended its relationship with the Daily Mail after a campaign group called for it to stop.
A drug that reverses the spread of HIV has been found to be able to reverse the disease, US researchers say.
A man accused of trying to smuggle a lethal ricin ricin into the UK has told a court he tried to sell it online.
The Plaid Cymru party has launched its manifesto for the 2015 assembly election.
Harlow has been celebrating its 100th anniversary.
Sale boss Steve Diamond says the club are close to signing a number of players.
Greece striker Dimitrios Karagounis has announced he will retire at the end of the 2018 World Cup.
St Mirren ended Ayr United's unbeaten start to the Scottish League Two season with a 1-1 draw in Paisley.
One of the world's most famous daredevils has pulled off a stunt at a Monster Jam event.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Motherwell to protest against the closure of two of Scotland's biggest steel plants.
Vloggers are calling for their videos to be labelled as advertising.
The parents of a 12-year-old boy who has autism say they have been told he will not be able to go to school because of a lack of places.
Ukraine has signed a deal with the European Union to form a new government, ending months of protests against President Viktor Yanukovych.
Australia is in the midst of a political crisis.
More than 1,000 people have been named as victims of historical child sex abuse in north Wales.
A man's body has been found at a property in Edinburgh.
Scotland internationals Robbie North and Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand.
Championship side Reading have signed Latvian side Lech Lech on a season-long loan deal.
Singer Lana Del Rey is one of the world's best-known pop stars.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, the BBC looks at some of the key issues facing the US police.
Unregistered schools in England and Wales should be closed, the head of Ofsted has said.
The Women's Super League One season gets under way with the start of the 2017-18 season.
Former world number one Dan Bedene says he wants to play for Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
Olympic champion Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of this year.
A disabled woman who lost her job because of her disability has lost a legal challenge.
In our series of letters from the BBC, David Mundell looks at why the Conservative Party is so reluctant to leave the European Union.
Former Ulster Grand Prix champion Joey Martin has been named as the winner of this year's Dundee Grand Prix.
Leeds United manager Massimo Cellino has been "very positive" in the last few weeks, according to the club's owner, Paul Raynor.
For more than a decade, Jo Black has been running a fitness studio in south London.
Carlos Dickens says he is "dreaming" to become the first British boxer to win the WBA world featherweight title.
Irish citizenship certificates will not be issued until the end of the year, the UK government has said.
More than 100 sheep have been stolen from a farm in Inverness.
Rafael Parker's WBO world welterweight title defence ended in defeat by Ivan Cojanjan in Auckland on Saturday.
US President-elect Donald Trump has reversed his stance on the world's most important ally, the European Union.
Colin McCoy won the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham for the first time in his career.
Scarlets scrum-half Joe Williams has apologised after a picture of him dressed as a black man was posted online.
Vietnamese man Nguyen Phuc has apologised to Facebook users for using his real name.
Supermarket chain Tesco has bought the US-based chain Giraffe for an undisclosed sum.
A Dundee man who posed for selfies with fans at a music festival has been given the go-ahead for a new exhibition.
The bodies of three Syrian refugees have been found on a beach in Turkey, after a boat carrying them capsized.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says his side's performance against Shrewsbury Town was "not good enough".
Local authorities in England are failing to properly investigate the Grenfell Tower fire, a leading trade body has said.
Three women have been charged with fraudulently raising money for Unicef in Cardiff.
Portsmouth have submitted a takeover offer for the manager of League Two side Portsmouth.
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) has condemned the deaths of three people at a migrant camp in Greece.
A skeleton of a Stegosaur dinosaur has been discovered in London.
A former Volkswagen employee has pleaded guilty to conspiring to cover up the emissions scandal in the US.
The number of cases of cervical cancer in the world has reached a record high, according to a new study.
The UK and Turkey have agreed to work together to tackle terrorism, David Cameron has said.
Tim Peake has just returned to the International Space Station.
BBC Radio 1 has announced it is to cut the number of radio presenters from three to three.
Hundreds of humpback whales have been stranding on the Isle of Man for the second day in a row.
For years, the Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen has been described as a war of attrition.
It's been a busy week for Radio 4.
Irn Bru, the world's largest maker of soft drinks, has announced plans to cut the amount of sugar in its products.
Facebook has confirmed that it will retain its chief executive, Peter Thiel, for the rest of the year.
A museum in London is trying to restore one of the world's most famous robots.
The Mexican government has issued a warning to drug cartels in El Salvador, warning them of a growing threat to the country.
Great Britain's men's and women's curling teams have been awarded more than £1m in funding for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Premiership leaders Manchester Storm came from behind to beat Storm Storm 4-1 in the first round of the EFL Cup.
The chief constable of Scotland's police force has called for a review of whether cyclists should be prosecuted for dangerous driving.
A woman who was arrested on suspicion of murdering her son has been released unconditionally.
Portsmouth maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with victory over Carlisle.
Astronomers say they have discovered a new way of measuring the shape of an electron.
MPs should be allowed to report private proceedings, the justice secretary has said.
A 15-year-old boy who was crushed by a tipper tipper has been ordered to pay £150,000 in damages.
Britain's Andre Greipel won the second stage of the Tour de France with victory over Italy's Giacomo Nizzolo.
A car park operator is being investigated by police after complaints of "unacceptable" parking patterns.
Plans for a major regeneration of a busy part of Glasgow city centre have been unveiled.
A South African band has released a song calling for unity in the wake of recent attacks in the country.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found at a house in Worcestershire.
It's been a busy week for the Welsh government.
David Packham has been sacked by the BBC after a group of conservationists called for him to be sacked.
The Chicago Cubs beat the Chicago Cubs 4-3 to win the World Series for the second year in a row.
Actress Alison Bracknell has raised more than £10,000 for her cancer treatment.
Leicester City ended West Ham's unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory at Vicarage Road.
China is one of the world's fastest-growing economies.
The Queen's 90th birthday celebrations are to be held in London.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
A new artificial intelligence system has been developed by a Georgia university.
The idea of introducing ID cards in the UK has been around for decades.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met his former team-mate to discuss his future at the club.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has been arrested in Switzerland as part of an investigation into alleged corruption at the world football governing body.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland should step down, according to former British and Irish Lions fly-half Ian Thomas.
Former FBI Director James Comey has told a US Senate committee that he is "not a liar".
Former West Yorkshire Liberal Democrat MP Peter Galloway has been suspended from campaigning for the West Yorkshire by-election.
A section of a dual carriageway in Inverness which has been closed for more than two years has been reopened.
Tens of thousands of fans in Mexico are celebrating the launch of a new video game called Lucha Libre.
A man who raised money for a terminally-ill boy has been jailed for five years.
Australia's former Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been appointed as the country's ambassador to the US.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister, Jim Hamilton, has submitted a plan to tackle the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme.
Police investigating the disappearance of six-year-old Ben Needham have said they believe he was murdered.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational.
Honeylock locks have been removed from a bridge in a bid to stop it becoming a hotspot for romance.
Lewis Hamilton says he will not give up on the Formula 1 title if he cannot beat Nico Rosberg.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was found stabbed to death in a car.
A dog has been found dead in a river in Inverness.
Police in the US state of Victoria say they are investigating reports that clowns have been "lurking" in the woods.
Durham beat Leicestershire by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the T20 Blast.
Virat Kohli's first Test century of the season helped India take control of the second Test against India in Delhi.
The number of people switching between different energy tariffs has reached a record high, according to new figures.
More than half of children in the UK are not physically active, a study suggests.
A drug used to treat osteoporosis has been found to increase the number of fractures in the bones of older people.
Partick Thistle have signed striker Cammy Smith for an undisclosed fee.
More than 1,000 homes have been left without power after flooding in parts of the West Midlands.
Transport for London (TfL) has announced plans to introduce a mobile payment system on all its buses.
Edinburgh have announced plans to move to a new home for the 2017-18 season.
Glasgow-based Marks and Spencer has announced plans to expand further.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the latest innovations in fitness technology.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has apologised to the families of victims of the Hillsborough disaster.
A section of the M4 in West Midlands has reopened after being closed for more than two weeks.
Australia's underwater search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has failed, the country's search and rescue agency has said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle were held to a draw by Arbroath in the Scottish League One play-off semi-finals.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A former music teacher raped a student in her car, a court has heard.
China has increased its imports of crude oil from Iran, the country's foreign ministry says.
The chief executive of a Welsh timber company has said he is "disappointed" by the decision to sell the company to a private company.
The Local Government Association (LGA) has said it expects council tax to rise by more than £1bn over the next five years.
It's been a week since a four-year-old boy went missing in Japan.
It's been a rollercoaster of a year.
Olympic champion Mo Farah has spoken to BBC Sport about how to become a better athlete.
UKIP's new leader, Peter Kassam, has called for the party's leadership to be replaced by a businessman.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has called for a cross-border border poll in the Republic of Ireland.
A plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead by a man on a bicycle.
The Channel Tunnel is one of the busiest roads in the world.
A leading separatist leader in the Balochistan province has told the BBC he is ready to resume peace talks with the Pakistani army.
It's been a week since David Cameron took office as prime minister.
Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has said he will no longer be allowed to use his social media accounts.
Campaigners have called for the introduction of a vaccine to prevent cervical cancer in Wales.
A father who has been searching for his son's favourite cup for more than three years has found it.
Tom Cairney scored twice as Fulham came from behind to beat Brentford.
Francois Ayrault has been appointed France's new prime minister, the Elysee Palace has announced.
Police have released CCTV images of a naked man they want to trace.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Oumar Akinfenwa has been sent off after being sent off during a game against Le Havre.
Former Philadelphia Mayor Abdul Fattah has been sentenced to eight years in prison for fraud and money laundering.
Great Britain's men's curling team is targeting a record medal haul at the Rio Paralympics.
Scottish Finance Secretary Nicky Swinney has said the Scottish government's proposals for a new fiscal framework are "not fair".
Defender Dayle Southwell scored twice as Wycombe beat Stevenage to maintain their unbeaten start to the League Two season.
A 16-year-old boy has been given a suspended jail sentence after being found guilty of the murder of a schoolboy.
Great Britain's men's rowing team have reached the semi-finals of the European Championships for the first time.
Serena Williams has been accused of causing the death of a woman in a hit-and-run crash.
Chess boxing is one of India's most popular sports.
A US space agency has raised more than $2.5m (Â£1.3m) to help fund a telescope that has been shut down for more than two years.
Two Scottish MSPs have backed the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
A man who climbed the roof of a church in Edinburgh has been jailed for three years.
Labour's National Executive Committee (NEC) has rejected a proposal by Jeremy Corbyn to change the way he is elected leader.
Violence against women is to be made a "hate crime" in Nottinghamshire.
The prospect of a border poll between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland is a huge one.
The family of a Syrian refugee who arrived in Australia last year have been deported to Cambodia, the Australian government has said.
A sign bearing the name of missing toddler April Jones has been criticised by a cafe owner.
A man jailed for encouraging support for so-called Islamic State (IS) has been sentenced to life in prison.
A three-year-old boy has died after a fire broke out at a house in Swansea.
Apple has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.8bn) in bonds, the largest ever raised by the company.
A Kent hospital has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
China has accused US President-elect Donald Trump of violating the country's "One China" policy.
A state-run orphanage in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou has been temporarily closed.
An inquest into the deaths of three men who drowned in a seaside beach has been adjourned.
There are three key points in Labour's manifesto.
The family of a British backpacker who has been missing for more than a month have said they are "devastated" he has gone missing.
Peruvian President Mauricio Humala has said he is committed to tackling poverty and inequality.
A man had to be rescued after he became stuck in the sea for more than three hours.
A biker has said he was banned from a pub for swearing at bikers.
Leeds Rhinos suffered their first Super League defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Warrington Wolves.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with victory over Raith Rovers.
Plans to demolish a high street shopping centre have been given the go-ahead.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill in Clonmel, County Down, is to close at the end of the year.
The head of the inquiry into child sex abuse in England and Wales has resigned.
The Church of England and the Scottish Episcopal Church have signed a joint document.
A report into the death of a three-year-old girl in Northamptonshire has found a "serious lack of action" by the police.
England's women have been named in their squad for the Euro 2016 warm-up camp, says head coach Mark Sampson.
The referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union will take place on 8 June.
Morocco's King Mohammed VI has rejected calls for him to step down, the country's opposition leader has said.
South Africa batsman Kevin Pietersen has signed a new three-year contract with the Miami Dolphins, which will keep him at the club until 2019.
A legal challenge to the UK government's decision to withdraw from the European Union has been submitted to the High Court.
Northern Ireland's political parties are holding talks to try to resolve a long-running dispute over the future of the country.
A painting by French artist Monet is to go on show at the Royal Academy of Art in London for the first time.
The owner of a bakery which was destroyed in a fire has described it as "like a rollercoaster".
Two police officers who filmed themselves during the Shoreham air disaster have been sacked.
Liam Gray and Ahmed Musa scored twice as Sheffield United beat Leicester City to reach the third round of the EFL Cup.
More needs to be done to tackle sepsis in Wales, the health secretary has said.
The estranged wife of actor Robin Williams has filed a legal challenge to his estate.
A man has been jailed for three years for falsifying birth certificates.
Astronaut Lucas has been on the International Space Station for the first time.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
The UK's decision to halt arms exports to Saudi Arabia has been upheld by the Supreme Court.
England missed out on a first win of the World Twenty20 as they were bowled out by India in Dhaka.
Costa Cruises, the owner of the Costa Concordia cruise ship, has reported a sharp rise in profits.
Uruguay has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale of cannabis.
A woman who survived a huge fire at a recycling plant has been honoured with a knighthood.
Bristol residents have been using vinegar to try to rid their garden of weeds.
Oxfordshire County Council could lose more than a quarter of its workforce, according to a think tank.
A man has died after a stage collapsed during a concert in Toronto, Canada.
Christian Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man German side FSV Mainz.
Prime Minister Jeremy Hunt has said he wants to create the world's fastest broadband network by 2020.
The World Health Organization (WHO) needs to do more to improve access to HIV treatment, say researchers.
Celtic goalkeeper Gemma Fay says her dream of reaching the Euro 2016 semi-finals has come true.
Crawley Town have signed striker James Hurst on a season-long loan from West Bromwich Albion.
Edinburgh's hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by Leinster at Murrayfield.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he does not support scrapping the benefit cap.
The European Union's top human rights body has called on companies to stop snooping on workers.
A cheetah has been shot dead by a hunter in the southern African province of Namibia.
The number of adult social care services in England is at an all-time low, according to a new survey.
Former Rangers and Kilmarnock midfielder Ian McCulloch has signed a new three-year deal with Rangers.
Nottingham Forest boss Neil Warnock says he is ready to sell any of his players before the end of the season.
Wakefield Trinity have signed former Widnes Vikings winger Alex Mellor on a two-year deal.
Championship side Blackburn Rovers have signed midfielder Jack MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
NHS Dumfries and Galloway has been criticised for failing to improve care for patients with dementia.
Bournemouth manager Paul Friend has been ruled out of the rest of the Premier League season after falling into a tunnel during Saturday's defeat by Southampton.
Belize is one of the smallest countries in the world, with a population of about 1.5 million.
A woman has been cleared of having sex with a 13-year-old boy.
A new treatment to treat seizures in children with epilepsy has been developed in Scotland.
The Gambia's interim president, Yahya Jammeh, has refused to step down, the country's electoral commission has said.
Thousands of pupils have taken part in a summer school in west Belfast.
The Republic of Ireland's deputy first minister has said she will appeal against comments she made about a former Bank of Ireland governor.
League One side Shrewsbury Town have signed defender David MacGillivray on a season-long loan from Walsall.
Oil and gas giant BG Group has reported a drop in first-quarter profits as it continues to struggle with low oil prices.
Cumbria's tourism industry has been hit by the impact of flooding following Storm Desmond, its chief executive has said.
Scunthorpe's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Fleetwood.
Thousands of Nepalese people are still struggling to recover from the devastating earthquake that struck the capital Kathmandu on Friday.
A British man who has been missing since the Brussels attacks has been found safe and well.
Britain's most successful female jockey, Helen Turner, has told BBC Radio 4's Today programme she wants to encourage more women to take up the sport.
Oil giant BP has announced plans to cut more than 1,000 jobs in the North Sea.
Human remains found in the search for a treasure hoard have been identified as that of a man who went missing last year.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry.
It's a dream come true.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has topped the US box office for the second week in a row.
A dog has been reunited with its owner after being rescued on a beach in Devon.
The family of a woman who died after being hit by a HGVs have appealed for information.
The Rugby World Cup has been held in Northumberland for the first time, organisers have said.
Cardiff City suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Bristol.
Hundreds of bearded dragons have been rescued from a Ceredigion pet shop.
Newport County maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Mansfield.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man whose body was found in a park.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) is considering whether it should continue to run a coaching programme.
One of the world's most expensive Monet paintings, the Nympane, has sold for more than £1m at auction in London.
Lewis Hamilton beat Nico Rosberg to win the Hungarian Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
Ian McDowell says he is in a better position to compete at the Ryder Cup.
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has been found guilty of illegally selling a cancer drug to the NHS.
Zanzibar has been granted permission to join the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Audi has pulled out of the Formula 1 Grand Prix.
A block of flats in Bournemouth has been closed after a water main burst.
Scotland's first minister, Kezia Dugdale, has said she would support a Scottish Labour-led coalition.
Bristol City will be without striker Samir Nasri for the rest of the season after he was ruled out with a hamstring injury.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has formed a coalition of Sunni, Shia and Sunni parties.
The Met Office has issued severe weather warnings for parts of Scotland.
Thousands of gold coins have been discovered in a Mediterranean sea off the coast of Israel.
Former world number one Andy Lindahl has been fined $10,000 (£7,000) after being found guilty of match-fixing.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the biggest pay rises in British rail history.
For the first time in more than a decade, a school in Coventry is offering courses to students who have failed to pass their GCSEs.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital in Londonderry.
One of Singapore's most famous couples has taken part in a coffin-themed wedding shoot.
Tommy Kachunga's first-half equaliser gave Birmingham City victory over Huddersfield.
Downton Abbey star Jessica Johnston has joined the cast of the new series of the hit TV series.
The price of oil has fallen for the second year in a row.
Wolfsburg striker Bastian Schweinsteiger has been fined €1m (£1m) by the Bundesliga club for wearing underwear in his car.
A museum is trying to find a key part of a World War Two teleprinter that has been missing for more than a year.
Wales and India have been announced as part of a new international cultural partnership.
A group of underperforming schools in England has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Paris St-Germain midfielder Lucas Reillere has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
Russia's parliament has approved a proposal to make it easier for state officials to register their properties.
Nato and Russia have met for the first time in more than two years to discuss the Ukraine crisis.
The Scottish Prison Service (SPS) has been given permission to install mobile phones in prisons.
The US state of Louisiana has been hit by the worst flooding in its history.
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed by the country's largest airline.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has been accused of spreading fake news on social media.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the rape of a 15-year-old girl in Rio de Janeiro.
Plans for a new golf course in the Highlands have been given the go-ahead.
Google has announced plans to build 650,000 sq ft of new headquarters in London.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of an ancient burial ground in Salisbury.
A chronology of key events
Liverpool striker Benteke says he would like to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
The family of a Scottish woman who has been living in Australia for more than 30 years have said they have been told she cannot be deported.
More than 1,000 people have been affected by flooding in parts of Northern Ireland.
The Scottish government has set up a taskforce to tackle the closure of a fish processing plant in Fraserburgh.
Former Lancashire captain Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket.
Police are appealing for information after a newborn baby was found dead at a bus stop.
Celtic's return to the top flight of the Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) is a "huge boost", according to the club's chief executive.
A Welsh university's tuition fee grant should be scrapped, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Wanderers manager Ronnyzon says he will not worry about his side's poor start to the season.
Chinese President Xi Jinping is "trying to crack down" on foreign companies, according to former Hong Kong investment banker Michael McGregor.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Millions of working families in England could lose their homes if the government increases the National Living Wage, Shelter has said.
The number of people using contactless credit and debit cards has doubled in the past five years, figures show.
The family of a 13-year-old boy who died after being hit by a minibus have paid tribute to him.
Iraqi forces say they have retaken Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Reading Ladies continued their unbeaten start to the Women's Super League season with victory over Birmingham City Ladies.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
The UK's inflation rate has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to official figures.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Davies and world champion Laura Davies both won gold medals at the European Indoor Championships in Italy.
Plans to improve a section of the A9 in Caithness have been published.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Paul Heckingbottom says he will not discuss the future of Yiddi Yiadom.
The Liberal Democrats have said they will not apologise for a campaign for a Metro rail in Wales.
Joey Sexton has been named in Ireland's starting XV for Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Italy.
The BBC spends more than £100m a year in the Midlands, a Westminster MP has said.
Astronomers say they have discovered a new object in the Solar System.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at how the European Union is trying to deal with the migrant crisis.
England beat New Zealand at Twickenham to set a new world record for the most consecutive Test wins.
The world's largest artificial intelligence firm, OpenAI, has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in funding.
Scotland thrashed Georgia to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea is to leave the club at the end of the season.
The number of young people voting for the Labour Party has risen sharply since the general election, according to new research.
Sir Sir Neville Chamberlain has died at the age of 90.
It has been a year since a man became the first athlete to win a gold medal at the World Championships.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash on a dual carriageway in Bangor.
A ban on the sale of legal highs in the Republic of Ireland has come into effect.
Porto's Gianfranco Zola has been offered a new deal by the club, says the club's director of football, Paul Hughes.
A man has died after his lorry crashed into a lorry.
A body has been found in the sea off Tresbury.
Songs from Guernsey have been nominated for this year's Sound of the Year.
As the polls closed in the Israeli capital, Tel Aviv, there was a palpable sense of euphoria.
More than one in five workers in the UK spends more than two hours a day commuting, according to new figures.
Barra Airport is one of Scotland's most famous tourist attractions.
Work to build a new bridge over the River Tydfil has begun.
The families of the victims of the Manchester Arena terror attack have paid tribute to their loved ones.
Plans to build a Garden Bridge in London have been given the go-ahead.
A collection of sculptures inspired by Chatsworth Gardens has gone on display for the first time.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for trying to join the so-called Islamic State group.
It has been a turbulent year for the arts in Northern Ireland.
The head of Tate Modern has announced that he is stepping down at the end of the year.
Premier League clubs will be able to sign players on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the introduction of parking charges at Reading Hospital.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has said a deal on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will be reached by the end of the year.
A nun from the western Indian city of Kolkata has died at the age of 90.
Blackburn Rovers goalkeeper Jade Laws has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he has no intention of vetoing the UK's Brexit negotiations.
The Co-operative Bank has confirmed it is in talks with its creditors about a possible takeover.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has told the BBC he wants to leave the country.
Work has been carried out to improve flood protection on the Brunel railway line in Oxfordshire.
A chihuahua called Fester has been reunited with his owner.
A letter written by Beatles singer John Lennon to his sister Harrie has gone on display in London.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire, we take a look at some of the key issues facing the Conservative Party.
A giant copy of Magna Carta has been unveiled at Lincoln Castle to mark its 100th anniversary.
Scotland captain Darren Wilson has been given the opportunity to be Scotland's captain for the first time since Darren Fletcher was injured.
A new lifeboat has been built on the Greek island of Lesbos for the first time.
Police in the US city of Ferguson have fired tear gas to disperse anti-police protesters.
One of Brazil's largest reserves, the Amazonas, is under threat from illegal logging.
Sinn Féin head coach Paul Solomons says the new Pro12 competition in South Africa will be "tough" for both sides.
Colombia's President Evo Morales has declared a nationalisation of a state-owned energy company.
US fast food chain Yum Brands has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
Residents of a Wokingham block of flats have said they are "devastated" by plans to demolish them.
Tugs have been used to tackle a fire that broke out at a former oil refinery in Aberdeen.
Voters in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a new mayor.
Talks between the TUC and the government over cuts to public services have been held in London.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins has become the first man to win the Tour de France.
Hanoi is one of the world's fastest growing cities.
Two Australian men have been arrested on suspicion of planning to carry out a terror attack, police say.
The chairman of Northampton Town Football Club has said he is "disappointed" the club has not been paid back a loan of more than £1m.
Millions of people in their early 20s are still unable to afford a home, according to a new report.
A Scottish artist has recreated the firth of a crane to show off the latest Star Wars films.
Former world number one Ray Moore has resigned as chairwoman of the Indian Wells Tennis Association.
Leicester Tigers head coach Richard Cockerill has resigned.
Hank Greenberg, the former chief executive of insurance giant Hank Greenberg, has gone on trial in New York, the US Supreme Court has ruled.
Haseeb Trescothick's first-class century of the season helped Nottinghamshire beat Nottinghamshire by eight wickets on day two at Trent Bridge.
Two men have been fined £1,000 after being found guilty of defecating turkey in a Newport supermarket.
A police officer who saved a man from falling from a fire escape has been awarded a bravery award.
Volkswagen has said it is "very optimistic" it will be able to fix the problem with its diesel cars.
Chester extended their lead at the top of the National League to five points with victory over Macclesfield.
Sri Lanka's cricket officials are investigating a possible match-fixing scam, the country's cricket minister has said.
Defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he is "feeling better" after winning the Masters for the third time in a row.
Premier League clubs will be able to watch Premier League games on television for the first time.
Sinn Féin and Fianna Fáil have agreed to form a minority government in the Republic of Ireland.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed Wolves striker Jack Mackie on a two-year deal.
A baby albino deer has been born in the US.
Police are investigating the disappearance of a family of 12 from Luton.
Cardiff's transport body, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC), has said it is open to the idea of a floating transport system.
The Northern Ireland Supreme Court has rejected a bid by the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) to hand over documents relating to alleged links to loyalist paramilitary groups.
US President Barack Obama "didn't do enough" to stop Russian meddling in the 2016 election, Donald Trump has said.
Police are investigating after a loud sound was heard at a Basingstoke football club.
Gun fire has broken out at the offices of two Turkish newspapers in Istanbul, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital for the first time.
A Carmarthenshire woman accused of harassing a councillor has had her case against the county council dropped.
A Turkish man has been arrested on suspicion of stealing watches from a flight from Dubai to Hong Kong.
France's far-right presidential candidate has accused the EU of "destroying the country".
A British man cannot be deported from the UK because of his parents' marriage, the Supreme Court has ruled.
A London-based trader has been fined £10,000 after failing to pay a fare for a London Underground train.
Five former British prime ministers have called on David Cameron to take action against corruption in Russia.
Liam Cassidy's first-half equaliser earned Hartlepool victory over Macclesfield.
Iran has decommissioned its nuclear reactor, the country's energy minister has said.
The family of a British soldier who went missing at the start of World War One are still searching for him.
Tony Bellew says he will not be punished for comments he made during his defeat by Tony Bellew.
The UK's biggest clothing retailer, BHS, is in the midst of a major shake-up.
South Africa's steelworkers have gone on strike for the second day in a row.
A British soldier has been awarded the Legion of Honour by the French government after he shot a gunman on a train in Paris.
A major flood protection scheme has been put in place in a Borders town.
Plans for a council-led devolution deal in Hampshire and Suffolk have been abandoned.
Championship side Notts County have completed the signing of former Borussia Monchengladbach striker Vincent van Rij.
A replica of the coffin of Winston Churchill has been restored for the first time.
The head of London's Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecology has told the BBC that the NHS has had its busiest week of the year.
Swiss furniture giant Ikea has recalled one of its most popular chairs after it was found to have broken two fingers.
India's central bank has banned the circulation of small and medium-sized denominations of the Indian currency, the rupee.
American football star Jessica Chastain has donated her brain to a study into concussions.
A woman and her husband have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a house in Inverclyde.
Former England batsman Phil Hughes has died at the age of 63.
Saido Berahino's second-half equaliser earned Hull victory over Nottingham Forest to maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
Scientists say they have made a breakthrough in the fight against type 1 diabetes.
Aston Villa striker Yaya Ayew has been charged with attempted rioting after his side beat Watford at Vicarage Road.
Hibernian full-back Alex Stevenson says he is ready to lead his side to the top of the Scottish Championship.
Chelsea goalkeeper Jessica Lindahl has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A Pakistani woman who was dubbed the "most famous Afghan girl in the world" has been charged with fraud.
In the 1970s and 80s, doctors and anaesthetists were working together to solve problems in the world of medicine.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans for a dual carriageway between Oxford and Witney have been given the go-ahead.
Former Feyenoord defender Daryl Janmamama has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A 13-year-old girl has been reported missing from her home in Greater Manchester.
A six-year-old girl has been found safe and well after being missing for more than a week.
A gay clergyman has criticised the Church of England over its treatment of gay people.
Celtic striker Scott Griffiths says he is "feeling a bit rusty" ahead of Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Derek McInnes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Aberdeen.
Nottingham Panthers came from behind to beat Nottingham Panthers 4-1 in the Elite League.
In the middle of a busy seaside town in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, one of the city's most popular tourist attractions is Lido beach.
A Catholic priest from Londonderry has been recognised as a saint by the Catholic Church in Albania.
The Tate Modern has opened a new exhibition celebrating the work of French artist Matisse.
A father has been found guilty of murdering his three-month-old son.
A former Leeds United assistant manager has told a tribunal she was told she was not allowed to work for the club.
Elton John has apologised to a steward who tried to stop him from playing at a rugby match.
Crystal Palace manager Sam Allardyce has announced he will retire at the end of the season.
A care home in Ceredigion is to close.
The Juno spacecraft has captured the most detailed images yet of Jupiter.
In our series of letters from Scottish journalists, I have been asked to explain why the number of police officers working in Scotland is so low.
A Wigan biscuit factory has been forced to close after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A Pembrokeshire-based crowdfunding firm has said it has made "significant improvements" to its Zano prototype.
Two men have been arrested in Malaysia over a suspected link to the so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group.
Bulgaria is the latest country to enter the race to become the next secretary-general of the United Nations.
Six people have been arrested in Italy as part of a counter-terrorism operation, police say.
A Lancashire soldier's medals have been stolen from his car.
Two of Ireland's best-selling books have been shortlisted for this year's Man Booker Prize.
A heritage museum in Leicestershire has been put up for sale.
Olivier Walcott's first Manchester United goal of the season gave Arsenal victory over Manchester United at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side must learn to cope with the pressure of playing in sub-continent conditions.
Twenty years ago this week, the Herald of Free Enterprise sank off the coast of the Republic of Ireland.
The number of orphaned bats in Northern Ireland has reached a new all-time high.
A man has been stabbed to death on a train in central London.
The result of the UK's vote to leave the European Union has been announced.
Fifteen pupils have been suspended from a secondary school in Fife after cannabis was found at their school.
Queens Park Rangers were held to a goalless draw by Leeds United at Elland Road.
Three men have appeared in court charged with misconduct in public office.
Microsoft has announced a new version of its Xbox console that allows users to control their devices via voice commands.
It has been a busy summer for Scottish football.
Passengers have been warned not to approach Gatwick Airport after a drone was spotted near the airport.
A prominent human rights activist, Abdulhamid Rajab, has been released from prison in Bahrain.
Aberdeen maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Rangers at Hampden Park.
Plans for a private consortium to deal with cancer care in Staffordshire have been submitted to the government.
A bronze monument has been unveiled in Jersey to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Exeter Chiefs maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
A review into claims of abuse and neglect at care homes in Wales has been launched by the first minister, Carwyn Jones.
Burkina Faso reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 1-1 draw at Bissiki.
A prominent Tamil film-maker has been arrested in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu for allegedly singing the national anthem.
Two planes have collided in the US city of Detroit.
The number of people seeking work in Scotland has reached a new all-time high, according to official figures.
A student has become the first person in the world to be able to make her own snowflakes.
Mental health services in England have fallen by more than half in the last five years, according to a report.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of muscular dystrophy has been given the go-ahead.
Motherwell have cancelled their pre-season friendly against Dundee United because of a sickness bug.
Anti-abortion activist Phyllis Schlafly has died at the age of 83.
A plumbing firm has been fined £1,000 for failing to properly install gas pipes at a block of flats.
The University of Groningen is one of the most prestigious universities in the world.
For decades, Ulster-Scots has been one of Northern Ireland's most important languages.
A 13-year-old girl who has been missing for more than a week has been found safe and well.
New York City's city council has voted to ban strip clubs from New York's Times Square.
A terminally ill man who was evicted from a mental health unit has been given a new lease of life.
Private clinics should be banned from offering genetic tests for Down's syndrome, a leading health charity has said.
Ballymena United have signed midfielder Darren Boyce on loan until the end of the season.
More action is needed to tackle the problem of walking and cycling in Wales, AMs have said.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, we look at some of the key issues in the race for the Republican presidential nomination.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in the Snowdon Valley Mountain Bike Race in Snowdonia.
The Speaker of the House of Commons, Sir Kevin Nolan, has been accused of using his office for personal use.
China's popular social network, Weibo, has raised more than $1.5bn (£1.2bn) in its first day of trading.
Yorkshire's Wheelchair Basketball team have been celebrating their 100th birthday!
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a disturbance on a bus.
North Korea has threatened to attack the US territory of Guam, a day after President Donald Trump took office.
A British diver has said he is "overwhelmed" by the news that he has been cleared of the manslaughter of his wife and daughter.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by gains in oil prices.
Protests have broken out in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya.
Rory McIlroy says he wants to win the Ryder Cup for the first time.
Three men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a garage in Blackpool.
Amazon has been accused of paying millions of pounds of tax in the UK.
The families of migrants who drowned on the Greek island of Lesbos have been trying to find their loved ones for more than a year.
It has been a year since one of the world's greatest sprinters was banned from the sport.
A Northamptonshire MP has said he will stand for re-election.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust has said it is "disappointed" it has not been able to reach a deal to buy the club.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a 15-year-old girl by careless driving.
Wales manager Roy Hodgson says he does not have any doubts about his side's performance against Russia.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said he does not trust Ed Miliband to lead the party into a "political oblivion".
Theresa May has accused Jean-Claude Juncker of being a "bad one" in a row over the UK's EU membership.
Raith Rovers have re-signed former Falkirk striker Alex Martin on a season-long loan.
The chief executive of the Circuit of Wales has said he is "disappointed" the Welsh Government has not backed plans to build a new circuit.
Southampton Council has announced plans to cut more than 1,000 jobs over the next five years.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Elgin City.
Huddersfield Town have signed striker Jordan James on a season-long loan deal.
A woman and her husband have been found dead at a house in West Yorkshire.
Hibernian defender Scott Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
An inquest into the death of a 13-year-old girl whose body was found in a canal in London has been opened.
At least 20 people have been killed in a Taliban attack in the northern Afghan province of Helmand, local officials say.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in central London.
Rolf Harris has been sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of historical child sex abuse.
The UK's biggest carmaker, Peugeot, is to meet Prime Minister Theresa May to discuss a possible takeover of two of its UK plants.
Scotland's largest salmon producer has reported a net loss of more than £1m for the first three months of the year.
The chairman of Invest NI has called for an independent review into the awarding of a multi-million pound property contract.
Scientists say they have found a new way of repelling insect bites.
The trial of a woman accused of having sex with her ex-boyfriend has been thrown out.
Apple has been accused of trademark infringement for more than a decade.
Millions of homes in Anglesey have been told to boil their water after a water main burst.
It's been a busy week in the world of virtual reality.
England maintained their 100-run lead over Pakistan in the second Test at Edgbaston.
One of Northern Ireland's largest Japanese cultural societies, the Japan Society, has opened its doors to the public.
David Cameron has called for a UN resolution on Syria's use of chemical weapons.
The author of a controversial book about David Cameron's links to the Greek island of Gallipoli has been admitted to hospital in Belize.
The Taliban have taken control of Sangin district in the western Afghan province of Helmand, officials say.
A prison has been warned it needs to do more to tackle the problem of illegal drugs being thrown through its walls.
The first consecration of women in Wales will take place at Bangor Cathedral later this year.
Councillors have been given the go-ahead for a consultation on the Scottish Borders Council's plans to build a new railway line.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is in talks with the two main parties over the future of the Northern Ireland Executive.
The funeral of four crew members who died in a helicopter crash off the coast of Galway has been held.
Thousands of people have been taking part in a virtual reality festival in China.
A team of men and women from the UK have completed their first all-amputee sailing challenge.
Two new tidal turbines have been installed at a Shetland wind farm.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season.
Two German men have denied they have found a World War Two train buried near a Polish town.
League Two side Bournemouth have signed defender David Darby on a season-long loan deal.
The new artistic director of the Tate Modern, Barbara Walsh, has said she wants to transform the art world.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has been accused of hacking into a private email account belonging to former CIA director John Brennan.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at how robots are learning how to kick the ball.
A 14-year-old girl has been raped in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, police say.
Mini Mini has stopped selling a car featuring former world champions Jessica Wambach in the US after she tested positive for cocaine.
Britain's Chris Froome has become the first man to win the Tour de France.
Teacher pay in England has fallen to its lowest level since the 1970s, according to a report by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
The UK government has lost a legal challenge to an inquiry into the deaths of a group of Chinese villagers during World War Two.
Huddersfield Town have signed former Arsenal midfielder Anders Nordtveit on a season-long loan deal.
Scottish rock band Green Day have cancelled a concert in Glasgow because of "extreme weather conditions".
Schools in England are failing to comply with the school admissions code, a leading education expert has said.
Tottenham extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with victory over Swansea.
Celtic manager Ronny Brown says the club's performance in recent weeks has been "unacceptable".
Gareth Bale has signed a new four-year contract with Paris St-Germain.
It's that time of year again.
Russia has carried out air strikes against pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine, the military says.
A former consultant at Stafford Hospital has been banned from the profession.
The Turkish navy has stopped a boat carrying Turkish opposition activists from entering the Gaza Strip, Turkish officials say.
The Scottish Conservatives and Labour have clashed in the run-up to the general election.
Millions of people with mesothelioma will soon be able to claim compensation for the disease, the government has announced.
Blackburn Rovers moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Bristol City.
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have re-signed striker Jack Barnett on a season-long loan deal.
South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar has said he will leave the country in the coming days.
(Close): London's leading share index closed lower, with RBS leading the way.
A man who died after being restrained in a street in Dorset has been named by police.
The number of people who identify as Christians in Wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2001, according to a new census.
French Resistance leader Raymond Aubrac has died at the age of 83.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria over allegations of same-sex marriage.
Leeds Rhinos maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with victory over Widnes Vikings.
It's been a long time since a manager has been in charge of a Premier League club.
The number of Syrian refugees expected to arrive in Scotland by the end of the year has increased, according to the charity Cosla.
Ronny Shinnie's second-half equaliser helped Aberdeen beat Apollon Limassol to reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
A Canadian military helicopter has been fined $1,000 (£1,500) after a woman complained to a police officer that it used a loudspeaker to talk about sex.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for life for stabbing a fellow student to death.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Italy's Fabio Fognini in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the French Open.
A German man has been arrested in connection with the Borussia Dortmund bus attack, prosecutors say.
The family of a black man who died after being restrained by police have said they want justice for him.
Gillingham have appointed former Forest Green Rovers boss Paul Pennock as their new manager.
A court in India has sentenced three Muslim men to life in prison after they were found guilty of sedition for cheering for Pakistan in the World Cup final.
Turkey's foreign minister has said the Turkish government has no intention of selling oil to so-called Islamic State (IS).
The US Army Corps of Engineers has withdrawn permission for a controversial oil pipeline in North Dakota.
An albino has been found to be in a critical condition after being attacked by a dog.
The family of a prisoner who died in a bomb attack at a prison in Northern Ireland have spoken to police.
A man accused of murdering a man in a Dundee nightclub has told a court his face was "like a teddy bear".
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is "very happy" with the appointment of Southgate as England manager.
Derek Hayes has lost his appeal against his red card against Hamilton Academical.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised after a fire broke out in a block of flats.
Two brothers have been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in a Glasgow park.
Plans for a new football stadium for Gloucester City FC have been submitted to the Football Association.
Islamic State (IS) militants have been accused of trying to infiltrate a Muslim mosque in south Wales.
Iraqi archaeologists have created 3D models of the ancient ruins of Mosul, which were destroyed by the Islamic State group in 2014.
The number of people drinking alcohol in Wales has more than doubled in the last five years, a report has found.
Excavations are under way to uncover the remains of one of the world's oldest shipwrecks.
The West Ham Football Club is one of the UK's oldest and most well-known clubs, but it is struggling to keep up with the demands of the Premier League.
Shane Dewani has been extradited to the UK from South Africa to face murder charges.
Palliative care for terminally ill patients in England and Wales is underfunded, according to a new report.
England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the third Test in Johannesburg to take a 2-1 lead in the series.
A new radio telescope has been launched into Jupiter's atmosphere for the first time.
Argentina's education minister has announced plans to make it easier for teachers to be prosecuted for violent conduct.
Former world number one Jason Allen says he was forced to sleep in a hotel room after being robbed at gunpoint in Hawaii.
Hibernian manager Derek Miller believes his side can beat Aberdeen in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden.
A former member of al-Qaeda, Abdul Fattah al-Bahri, has died, his family says.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from the southern Chilean town of Calbuco after a powerful eruption.
The Republican Party of North Carolina has elected its first openly gay member of the House of Representatives.
Hundreds of football tickets were sold at a Birmingham university for more than £1m, it has emerged.
The Police and Crime Commissioner has warned that the force could lose more than half of its funding in the next five years.
Russian opposition leader Ramzan Kasyanov has posted a video in which he threatens to kill Russian opposition leader Dmitry Medvedev.
The Belfast Giants suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Fife Flyers.
The Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta has called for an end to the persecution of gay people in Chechnya.
Star Wars actor Harrison Ford says he has no plans to return to the role of Indiana Jones in a new film.
England all-rounder James Anderson has broken the world record for the most wickets in a one-day international.
The UK's biggest bank, Lloyds Banking Group, has announced plans to close all of its branches in the West Midlands.
Swedish drugmaker GSK has agreed to buy a third of the world's biggest drugmaker, Advair.
A poster depicting the Battle of Aberystwyth has sold for more than £1,000 at auction.
It's been a busy week for the Football Association of England.
Martin Shatter has been a controversial figure in the Republic of Ireland for more than a decade.
League Two side Crawley Town have parted company with midfielder Gaby Williams.
A gym has been criticised for posting a "fat" poster on the walls of its gym.
Scientists say they have discovered a way to stop the spread of breast cancer in bone.
Chelsea assistant referee Mikel Mikel has been cleared of racial abuse by the Football Association.
Barcelona manager Gary Neville says his side beat Valencia to reach the semi-finals of the Copa del Rey.
One of the world's most famous Chinese folk tales is about to be re-imagined for the first time.
Two versions of Snow White have sold for more than £20,000 at auction.
Police in Australia have released a mug shot of a man they want to trace.
Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko have agreed to fight for the WBA and WBO belts, says WBA heavyweight champion Tyson Fury's promoter Eddie Hearn.
A lollipop worker was hit by a car as she walked to school, a court has heard.
Qatar's bid to host the 2022 World Cup has been criticised by human rights group Amnesty International.
Images of Scotland's canals have been captured using a smartphone.
Lenovo has been accused of using a malicious software tool to spy on its computers.
Taylor Swift has been named best female artist at the Grammys.
Germany's economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found seriously injured in a street in South Lanarkshire.
Five teenage boys have been arrested in the Italian city of Milan for allegedly carrying out a series of robberies, police say.
A Turkish military jet has crashed in Turkey, killing all 224 people on board, officials say.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will appeal to the Supreme Court to overturn his victory in Sunday's presidential election.
Sophie Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup.
The Playboy website has announced that it will no longer feature naked images of women.
Anthony Macklin retained his WBO world middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Felix Felix in Sheffield.
Jayalalitha, the former chief minister of Tamil Nadu state, has died at the age of 83.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has said the force could be cut by up to 20% over the next five years.
One of the world's rarest cockroaches has been found to have a secondary population in Hong Kong, a study suggests.
Libya's former army chief has said he will not resign.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said he will leave his presidential palace in the capital, Caracas.
It's that time of year again when EastEnders fans gather in Albert Square to celebrate Lucy Beale's death.
National League side Chesterfield have re-signed midfielder Alex Gnanduillet on loan until the end of the season.
Leicester City have signed striker N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
Human stem cells have been found to be able to repair damaged liver tissue, a study has found.
Mobile phone operators in England and Wales could face fines of up to £10,000 if they fail to comply with new rules.
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Spain's most notorious Nazi internment camp, Mauthausen, has been closed since the end of World War Two.
A County Antrim council has been ordered to pay more than £1m to settle a legal claim over the deaths of sheep.
Partick Thistle moved off the bottom of the Scottish League Two table with victory over Stranraer.
A 90-year-old man who has been playing the piano for more than 20 years has been reunited with his bandmates.
Scientists say they have found the earliest evidence yet that modern humans came out of Africa more than 150,000 years ago.
Syrian opposition leaders have met in Damascus to discuss the future of the country.
Leicester City fans have clashed with police in the Spanish capital, Madrid.
The head of the Welsh government's education department has said he does not believe early entry to GCSEs is a "game-changer".
Two teenage girls have pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a 13-year-old girl.
A 13-year-old girl has been freed from captivity in the northern Nigerian state of Chibok, police say.
A man has died following a suspected chemical attack at a house in north London.
Japanese nuclear giant Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection.
Rock band Earth Wind & Fire has died at the age of 90.
It's been a year since the first episode of BBC One's The Apprentice.
Former Geordie Shore star Gary Johnson says he was "very nervous" about coming out as gay in the new series.
West Midlands trams are to return to Birmingham for the first time in more than 50 years.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo remain in contention for the title at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
At the time of the 2010 earthquake in Japan, the world was reeling from the devastation caused by the earthquake and tsunami.
Celtic striker Daniel Feruz has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving.
A US student who was held in North Korea for more than a year has died, his doctor has said.
England captain Alastair Cook hit a career-best five-wicket haul in the first Test against St Kitts and Nevis.
Anthony Evans retained his WBO world middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Danny Ormond in London.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against the government's attempts to reform the Welsh language.
Ex-Manchester United and other football players are being investigated by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) over alleged tax evasion.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Mark Gurney says he is relishing the prospect of playing for Nottinghamshire again.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will not stand in Cornwall's upcoming general election.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in their Dorset home.
A service has been held to remember ex-Northampton Saints rugby league player Paul Jones.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has signed a new package of measures aimed at tackling student protests.
The British MP Jo Cox has been shot dead in Syria.
More than £1m has been pledged to help improve the quality of homes in Wales.
Porto came from behind to beat Chelsea in the Europa League quarter-finals.
Comedian Alan Palin has been awarded a fellowship from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA).
The Prince of Wales has written to Prime Minister Tony Blair urging him to consider a cull of badgers.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a crash on the M4 in County Armagh.
World chess champion Carl XVI Gustaf Karjakin has won the world chess championship for the first time.
Former Liberal Democrat peer Lord Oakeshott has donated more than £1,000 to the party.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeen.
A group of otter cubs have been living in a zoo in London for the first time.
National Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of "irregular and transparent" over the awarding of contracts to a sawmill operator.
The Royal Alexandra Palace has announced plans to transform the building into a theatre.
St Johnstone boss Paul Wright says he has no intention of leaving the club.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being a "sexual predator".
Rangers boss Ian Warburton says he was "disappointed" by the referee's decision to award a free-kick in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Rangers.
Poached shellfish and shellfish have been poisoned in parts of Argyll.
Carlisle United have signed striker Mike Jones on a season-long loan deal.
Burnley striker Joey Barton's six-match ban for betting on football matches has been extended.
A former London nightclub owner has been jailed for life for murdering his father.
Chinese social media users have been celebrating the opening of a retirement home for retired police dogs.
The mother of a baby boy who died after being treated for a suspected infection has told an inquest she did not know he was ill.
Wild leatherback turtles have been spotted on the south Wales coast, a wildlife expert has said.
A plane carrying more than 1,000 people has crashed in the US state of Florida, killing all 224 people on board.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has defended his decision to set up a contingency plan for a eurozone emergency.
Six Tube ticket machines have been axed as part of plans to save more than £1m.
A man has been charged with assaulting a woman at a supermarket.
Great Britain's Jack Jung will attempt to become the first man to win the Badminton Horse of the Year title.
It's one of the most talked-about songs of the year.
Pope Francis has donated more than €1m (£1.2m) to a hospital in the Italian city of Bologna, it has emerged.
The Peanuts characters have returned to the big screen.
A judge in Ohio has ordered the trial of two teenagers accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl.
Nigeria's presidential election has come to an end.
Essex captain Chris Silverwood says winning the County Championship for the first time would be a "dream come true".
The result of the UK's vote to leave the European Union will be a referendum on the future of the country.
A corn snake has been rescued from a van in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Newport County manager John John-Lewis' first game in charge of the League Two club ended in defeat by Exeter.
Exeter City reached the third round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable victory over Crewe.
Polish director Jan Wajda has died at the age of 83.
The Independent website has been shut down after it was infected with a malware attack.
Colombia have won gold in the women's 100m hurdles at the Rio Olympics.
Archaeologists say they have discovered the oldest structure of its kind in the world.
In the wake of last week's US missile strike on a Syrian airbase, Russian President Vladimir Putin has issued a warning to his allies.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A student who found a gold pendant in a field in Norfolk has been declared a treasure hunt.
A mental health trust in Lancashire has been given a "good" rating.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis is without key players for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal.
England beat South Africa to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup for the first time in eight years.
Comedian Jason Manford has been criticised for not being able to take care of his family.
A pensioner who claims he was exposed to asbestos has said he will appeal against the decision of his local council.
Liverpool's mayor has said he wants to cut council tax by £1.5m over the next five years.
Liverpool have called for safe standing at all-seater stadiums.
A 16-year-old girl has been given a suspended jail sentence for assaulting a police officer in Dundee.
Drey Wright's first-half equaliser earned Doncaster victory over Colchester in the National League.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time.
France's far-right presidential candidate, Emmanuel Macron, has announced a new alliance with a former EU official.
Jumanji actress Jodie Gillan has been cast in the new Guardians of the Galaxy film.
Britain's Hannah Toulson has won gold in the women's 100m backstroke at the European Championships in Budapest.
A man who admitted downloading indecent images of children has been jailed for five years.
A museum dedicated to the Battle of the Somme has opened.
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued a warrant for the arrest of a man who posted a selfie of himself on Facebook.
A man has been charged with the murder of a police officer in Belgium.
Swiss bank UBS has been placed under formal investigation in France over alleged tax evasion.
More than half of London's renters are renting out their homes, according to a new report by the charity Shelter.
The number of children's social workers in England has more than doubled in the last five years, official figures show.
Supermarket chain B&Q has reported a drop in sales in the first three months of the year.
Pharmaceutical giant GSK has announced plans to change the way it sells medicines in developing countries.
The family of a six-year-old girl who died after being admitted to a psychiatric hospital in County Antrim have reached a settlement.
One of the UK's most popular quiz shows has been given the go-ahead.
Schools in parts of England are failing to meet the needs of their pupils, says Ofsted.
A London mayoral candidate has said he is "very worried" about the accuracy of the ballot paper used for the general election.
Oscar-winning actor John Phoenix has said he will not be taking part in this year's Golden Globes.
A man has been found guilty of punching a man in the head during a stag party in Edinburgh.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side's recent poor start to the season has increased the intensity of the game.
Great Britain won gold in the men's 4x400m relay at the World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
A mechanic who filmed himself driving his car at speeds of more than 100mph has been fined £1,000.
Four people have been killed in a gun attack in the western Chinese city of Xinjiang, state media report.
Barclays has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
The cast and crew of the new film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them have arrived at the premiere of the film.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he has no relationship with former US President Barack Obama.
More than half of Queen's University staff have said they are satisfied with the way the institution is run, according to a survey.
A man has been arrested in connection with a £20,000 fraud at a supermarket in Manchester.
The number of suicides in prisons in England and Wales is at an all-time high, according to a report.
Ospreys fly-half Dan Biggar has signed a new three-year contract with the Ospreys.
Images courtesy of AFP, Getty Images and Reuters
One of the world's best-known pop stars, Brandon Flowers, is on the verge of releasing his second album.
A 13-year-old boy has become the youngest person to have a stem cell transplant.
An Australian politician has called for a 24-hour working week.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Burnell says he is "disappointed" that he was not given a yellow card during the men's final at the Rio Olympics.
Glamorgan director of cricket Paul Rudolph says he has met senior players to discuss the future of the county.
US carmaker Ford has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
A man accused of murdering a police officer has told a court he did not intend to kill him.
Leeds United owner Paul Haigh has resigned from his role as owner of the Championship club.
Tens of thousands of pounds could be lost to council funding in the next financial year, a council has warned.
Voters in Spain's lower house of parliament have voted in favour of forming a new government.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says his side will learn from their defeat by the All Blacks.
Two ambulances have been involved in a collision involving two cars in Lincolnshire.
Uefa president Andrzej Pohohrencki says he is "very happy" to have been able to host the 2020 European Championship.
Scotland's deputy first minister Alex Salmond has said he was "disappointed" by the government's decision to unveil a portrait of the Syrian opposition leader.
A cross-border rail link between the Borders and Carlisle could be built, according to a new report.
Plans to extend the Hawick railway line to Carlisle have been given the go-ahead.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the challenges facing older people.
A sailboat has been involved in a collision with a pier in the Isle of Man.
TV star Shane Meadows is to return to the 1980s for a new TV series based on a 1980s cult film.
Jack Straw has set up a panel to review the Freedom of Information Act.
Ricky Burns scored a unanimous points victory over Julius Indongo at the Bellator Arena in Las Vegas.
In the middle of the Mourne Mountains in County Tyrone, a Syrian refugee called Mohammed is helping to repair crumbling walls.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died in a fire in Peterhead.
A man has been reported to the Ministry of Defence after being threatened with a knife at a military base.
North Korea has fired a long-range ballistic missile, South Korea's Yonhap news agency says.
Holyrood's finance committee has said it is "frustrated" by the complexity of the Scottish government's budget process.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has announced the launch of a new satellite that it hopes will allow it to map the Earth.
Catalans Dragons maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Wigan.
Plans for more than 1,000 new homes in Greater Manchester have been delayed until the end of the year.
Soldiers in Afghanistan have complained about the weight of their new body armour.
Rangers have signed former Stoke City striker Alex Gordon on loan until the end of the season.
A children's circus has been forced to cancel after being attacked by a group of masked elves dressed as elves.
A commemoration of the Bloody Sunday massacre in Derry has been called off.
Jersey footballer Paul Le Saux says he does not believe there is a "culture of homophobia" in the game.
Archaeologists from Bournemouth University have uncovered what they believe to be the first Roman settlement in the UK.
A charity which helps deaf and hard of hearing people find work has said it is "disappointed" it has not been given more support.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he will not sell any players until the end of the season.
The Scottish Labour and the Scottish Greens could be the largest parties in the Holyrood election, according to a think tank.
Japanese video camera maker Kiku Kikukawa has pleaded guilty to accounting irregularities.
A court in Australia has postponed the trial of two Australian journalists who were found guilty of supporting the Muslim Brotherhood.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in east London.
Saracens scrum-half Samu Tuilagi has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations.
A family in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, has died of dengue fever.
Plans for a museum dedicated to the Battle of Naseby have been given the go-ahead.
League Two side Forest Green Rovers have signed Greece international defender Nikos Bouchalakis on a season-long loan.
Dozens of civilians have been killed in air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Syria, activists say.
A Belfast woman has been awarded the BBC's Unsung Hero Award for her work with children with disabilities.
A hospital in Wrexham has said it is looking to recruit more nurses to help ease the pressure on its emergency department.
A Palestinian man has been shot dead by Israeli soldiers in the occupied West Bank, officials say.
Conor McGregor has said he will "fight for his life" when he fights Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been accused of breaking the law on inheritance tax.
The lights of a church have been switched on for the first time in more than a decade.
Five Iranians have been charged in connection with a series of cyber attacks on the US government.
League Two side Oxford United have signed Oxford United striker Jordan Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
Plans to revamp Swansea University's main building have been unveiled.
Millions of workers in England and Wales will soon be able to contribute to their employer's pension pots.
A man who set fire to a former theme park in Exeter has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Fleetwood Town have signed striker Alex Burns on loan until the end of the season.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has announced the start of the torch relay from Rio de Janeiro to the Olympic Stadium.
Pakistan has called for a halt to US drone strikes in the north-western province of Waziristan.
A 19th Century detective has been named as the first person to be formally buried in London.
Three nurses have been jailed for failing to check patients' blood glucose levels.
A judge in Brazil has lifted a ban on the construction of a huge hydroelectric dam in the north-east of the country.
The number of seagulls nesting in Norfolk has halved, according to the RSPB.
A baby pine marten has been born in Ceredigion.
A former Peruvian drug trafficker has arrived in the UK after being deported to Peru.
A cat has been named as part of a new scheme to help people get a pension.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend thought he was going to jump off a cliff, a court has heard.
The Royal Opera House has been evacuated after a firework went off during a performance.
One of Northern Ireland's leading motorcyclists, John Hinds, has died at the age of 82.
Brendan Foley was one of the greatest rugby players of all time.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has launched a smartphone app that allows users to monitor the speed of their wi-fi connections.
Northern Ireland's Rory McDowell shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the British Open.
Scientists are trying to create 3D-printed body parts from human tissue.
The Pacific island of Palau is one of the world's most important tourist destinations.
Napoli extended their lead at the top of Serie A to five points with a comfortable victory over 10-man Juventus.
Ronson and Mars have been named as the co-writers of one of the UK's best-selling singles, Uptown Funk.
China's President Xi Jinping has accused the US of meddling in the global economy.
Coca-Cola has defended its decision to open a new sugar-free coffee shop in Leicester.
A police force has been criticised for failing to investigate a rape allegation made against a man more than a decade ago.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar's Yangon province.
The number of Palestinians killed in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict has more than doubled in the past year, the UN says.
Great Britain's men's and women's badminton teams reached the quarter-finals of the Olympic Games for the first time.
NHS 24 has said it will delay the rollout of a new telephone system until the end of the year.
A man and a woman have been found dead in a Birmingham street.
It's that time of year again.
Wales' biggest water provider has announced plans to double the amount of money it has invested in improving water bills.
Aston Villa defender Luca Garde has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Saracens have signed Saracens hooker Dave Porecki for the rest of the season.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Martin McGuinness, has said he is "deeply saddened" by the discovery of human remains at a former mother-and-baby home.
A man who was part of the Hatton Garden heist has been found guilty of stealing more than £1m worth of jewellery.
Hundreds of tonnes of fat have been dumped in London's sewers during the festive period, a charity has said.
Steam has announced plans to make it easier for people to submit their work on the Steam platform.
A US-Iranian man has been sentenced to life in prison for spying for the Iranian government, state media report.
Comedian Michael Clifford has denied groping a woman at his London office.
One of the world's rarest bird species has been discovered in the Himalayas.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have clashed during a sparring match in Canada.
A man has admitted beating a man to death in a "brutal" attack at his home.
Great Britain's Adam Lewis-Mansfield has withdrawn from the men's team for the World Para-cycling Championships.
The bodies of two men who died during a fire at RAF Norfolk have been found, an inquest has heard.
A 19th Century Georgian building has reopened to the public for the first time.
Leeds United reached the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Liverpool.
West Ham's lease of the Olympic Stadium in London has been cancelled.
The Prince of Wales has said he fears for the future of Christians in Iraq and Syria.
Education Secretary Justine Morgan has announced plans to change the way funding is distributed to schools in England.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, has set out his priorities for the next five years.
On the first day of the first Test between England and Jamaica, BBC Radio Tipperary's Henry Blundell took to the airwaves.
Real Madrid kept alive their hopes of reaching the Champions League quarter-finals with victory over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan has become the first country in the world to legally recognise Hindu marriages.
Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetrius Catarquilis for an undisclosed fee.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from a remote volcano in the Central American state of Veracruz.
Scientists say they have developed a genetic test that could help predict the age of people.
A woman who lost part of her nose in the Manchester Arena attack has been reunited with her phone, her husband has said.
Russia says it is "disappointed" that Turkish forces have bombed its airbase in the Syrian town of al-Bab.
Plans to merge two of the UK's largest hospitals have been put on hold.
Two boats have been rescued from a Dartford harbour.
A woman has died following a fire at a house in Dumfries.
Passengers have spoken of the "horrific" experience of being stuck on a train at a railway station for more than two hours.
Three former soldiers have been jailed for life for conspiring to smuggle weapons and ammunition into the UK from Germany.
A couple from the Democratic Republic of Congo have been found guilty of murdering a nine-year-old girl.
Small businesses are a vital part of the UK economy.
BHS has announced plans to cut the size of its BHS pension scheme in Wales.
A man has been found dead in a Dublin street.
A woman has died and two other people have been injured in a crash involving two cars in Edinburgh.
The idea that the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland could be closed after Brexit has been described as a "dream come true".
The Welsh government will appeal against the UK's decision to leave the European Union, Economy Minister Peter Cairns has said.
Scientists in the US say they have developed a new form of bone that can be used to replace broken bones.
Plans for a new pier at Cleckley Pier in Lincolnshire have been put on hold.
In the early 1990s, the London Stock Exchange was one of the biggest exchanges in the world.
League Two side Crawley Town have signed striker Bob Thomson on loan until the end of the season.
A rower from Durham University will take part in the River Tyne for the first time in more than 30 years.
A Russian warship has arrived in the English Channel for the first time in more than a year.
All images are copyrighted.
West Ham have signed Turkish striker Diafra Sakho from Turkish side Besiktas for an undisclosed fee.
Thieves have used a dumper truck to steal a cash machine from a bank.
Scotland have reached the semi-finals of the World Championship for the first time.
Tributes have been paid to a woman who died when her car crashed into a tree in Fife.
World number one Henrik Stenson shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead after the final round of the US PGA Championship at Troon.
Investigators searching for the Germanwings plane that crashed in the French Alps last week have found no bodies, German officials say.
A South African pastor has been barred from entering Botswana, the country's foreign ministry has said.
Scarlets scrum-half Liam Williams has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a wrist injury.
Former Blackburn Rovers striker Jack Campbell says he wants to play football again.
Police Scotland is to merge with the British Transport Police (BTP), the Scottish government has said.
The Northern Ireland Executive has been given the power to borrow more than £1m from the UK government, First Minister Anne Villiers has announced.
Ross County have signed Ross County striker Jim O'Brien on a season-long loan deal.
Serena Maria Sharapova has become the first tennis player in the world to say she is a Christian.
A care home where two boys were sexually abused has been closed to the public.
The Welsh Assembly should be renamed the National Assembly, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
Wales' first prime minister, Huw Cairns, has described his first cabinet meeting as an "amazing experience".
Plans for a £1.3bn arts hub in Carmarthenshire have been rejected by the Welsh Government.
A Cornish honey bee has been found to be resistant to a deadly disease.
Plans for a new Islamic centre in Dudley have been given the go-ahead.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the kidnapping and robbery of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West.
When I first met the man who became the world's most famous boxer, I had no idea who he was.
Sam Smith is one of the most successful rugby league players in the world.
A judge in Lebanon has ordered the release of two children who were abducted in Lebanon last year.
Researchers at Cardiff University have developed a new way of identifying cancer cells.
Harlequins have signed full-back Alex Harris-Wright-Brown on a season-long loan deal.
A man has been jailed for eight years for causing the deaths of a man and his wife in a crash.
The number of new stamp duty inquiries in the UK fell to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to a survey.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has said the country's debt crisis will be resolved in the next three years.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised for swearing during his side's defeat by Toulon.
The body of author Joanna Bailey could have been found in a well, a coroner has told a court.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Daley says he is relishing the opportunity to represent Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
Plans to demolish a former dairy in County Armagh have been given the go-ahead.
David Bowie has died at the age of 90.
Malaysia's largest palm oil producer, Olam, has been accused of illegally sourcing palm oil from plantations in Indonesia.
It is one of the most important conferences in the history of the Chinese Communist Party.
A mako shark has been found on a beach in Bournemouth.
Scientists say they have found a new way to slow down the rate of global warming.
The deadline to sign a new player has come and gone, but how do you deal with the pressure of the transfer window?
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family affected by a landslip.
Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal thrashed Hull to move to within three points of the Premier League leaders.
Facebook has removed more than 1,000 profiles linked to convicted sex offenders, a BBC investigation has found.
Aaron Ramsey's first Arsenal goal of the season ended Norwich City's hopes of winning the Premier League title.
Derbyshire have appointed Darren Barnett as their new head coach.
England captain Alastair Cook should have left the West Indies before the third Test against South Africa, says former South Africa batsman Mark Smith.
The Bank of England and the Bank of Scotland are to launch a criminal investigation into former HBOS chief executives.
An NHS Lothian worker has been suspended for six months after posting a picture of a woman on social media.
The Philippine military says it has retaken control of the city of Marawi from Islamic State (IS) militants.
Southern rail has been accused of using social media to criticise the RMT union.
Three teenagers have been charged with using laser pens to distract a flight from Edinburgh Airport.
A man who raped a 15-year-old girl in a Cardiff park has lost his appeal against his sentence.
Derbyshire have signed batsman Shiv Thakor and wicketkeeper Shiv Thalakor on two-year contracts.
Two Polish police officers are to be deployed to the area where a Polish man was stabbed to death last year.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A sports club in Windsor has been told it cannot use a footpath as a training ground.
Take That has announced plans to play a record number of concerts at Wembley Stadium this year.
Leigh Eden scored a hat-trick as Castleford thrashed Castleford to reach the semi-finals of the Super League.
The number of discarded plastic bags in England has more than doubled in the last five years, figures show.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of the city of Manchester to protest against the killing of a black man.
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast's annual Pride parade.
The wife of Lebanese Prime Minister Haider al-Abidine Ben Ali has gone on trial at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former capital, Beirut.
As Boris Johnson prepares to become the next prime minister of the UK, what do you know about him?
South Africa's Oscar Pistorius is set to be released from prison in August, his lawyer has said.
A six-year-old boy with Asperger's syndrome has been taken to hospital in Cardiff.
A South Sudanese band has called for peace to be restored to the country after years of conflict.
Oscar-winning Brazilian director Babenco has died at the age of 83.
Scientists in Zurich say they have made a robot that can move faster than a human.
Singer Ed Sheeran's clothes have been donated to a children's charity.
A Tanzanian doctor has criticised the government's decision to ban gay people from using social media.
A 79-year-old man has died after falling into a lake in Edinburgh.
Krystian Pearce's second-half equaliser earned Dagenham and Redbridge victory over Mansfield.
Five people have been arrested after police were called to a football match in Northamptonshire.
A man who set fire to his mother's home has been jailed for life.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in Sheffield.
Swansea City striker Jack Washington says he will never forget the moment he scored his first goal for the club.
A Grade II* listed building has reopened to the public for the first time in more than 30 years.
A British man has won a gold medal in the men's 100m hurdles at the European Championships in Finland.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has signed a landmark international arms deal.
Great Britain's biggest sporting event, the Great Manchester Marathon, is to be held in Manchester, the city's mayor has announced.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two bikes were involved in a collision.
Essex all-rounder Chris Harmer says he will not be able to bowl out his first five-wicket haul of the season.
A review into how prisoners are taught to read and write has been set up by the justice secretary.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff looks at the history of military dictatorships in Latin America.
A group of Dutch students have been working together for more than a decade to transform the way we travel.
A retired jockey has been fined £10,000 after being found guilty of drink-driving.
A former nightclub in Swansea is to be demolished to make way for a new civic centre.
A dog that had its claws clawed off has been rescued by the RSPCA.
A man has been shot dead in County Armagh.
Sale Sharks have signed hooker Vadim Costas from French side Bordeaux for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee United striker Jack Keatings has signed a new three-year deal with the Championship club.
UK house prices rose at their fastest pace since the global financial crisis in 2008, according to official figures.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in Pakistan.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has launched a voice-controlled artificial intelligence (AI) smart speaker.
HGV drivers have been caught using their mobile phones while driving.
British number one Heather Edmund reached the second round of the Aegon Classic with a straight-set win over Belgian qualifier Lucas Pouille.
Nigeria's former President Olusegun Obasanjo has appeared in court charged with fraud.
The parents of two children who went missing from their Sussex home have been found safe and well.
Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to seven points with victory over Ingolstadt.
Votes have been counted in the local elections in Cheshire.
Scotland captain Derek Forsyth says he is relishing the prospect of playing against the best hockey teams in the world.
Drugs containing a "superman" logo could be used to make them more dangerous, a drug expert has warned.
Swedish economist Markus Holmstrom has been named the winner of the Nobel Prize for economics.
Parts of northern Italy have been hit by heavy snow, with temperatures expected to rise as high as -30C.
The world's largest human genome research project has begun.
St Helens have announced plans for a new stand at their St James' Park stadium.
Leah and her family have been busy raising lamb for the first time.
Two men have been taken to hospital following a disturbance at a nightclub in Londonderry.
Bottles of Scotch whisky have been sold in the Isle of Man for more than £1m.
A sex-themed sandcastle has been criticised for being "sexually explicit".
The result of the UK's vote to leave the European Union has divided opinion in the Baltic states.
The governing body of the British motor racing industry has announced it is to close its Northamptonshire circuit.
Two World War Two gliders have been unveiled at a Gloucestershire museum.
The world's biggest steelmaker, Rio Tinto, has raised its offer for a stake in Riversdale.
Tens of thousands of people in the Central African Republic have signed a petition calling for a referendum on the constitution to be held.
Leinster fly-half Niall Morris has signed a new three-year deal with the Premiership club.
Police are investigating the death of a cyclist who died after being hit by a car.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of brain cancer has been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Samsung has bought mobile phone maker Harman Harman for $1.5bn (£1.2bn) in a deal valued at $2.3bn.
The FA Cup quarter-finals, the FA Cup third round and the EFL Cup fourth round.
Plymouth Argyle have signed Peterborough United striker Luke Lloyd on a two-year deal.
Plans for a redevelopment of a former Cornish football stadium have been given the go-ahead.
A man has been charged with the murder of an Indian-American man who was shot dead in a Texas restaurant.
Tributes have been paid to former children's entertainer Keith Nolan, who died at the age of 83.
Josh Marshall scored a hat-trick as Sale beat Gloucester to move up to third in the Premiership table.
Google has been ordered to hand over online reviews of a nursery to a Dutch court.
Westfields have been drawn in the first round of the FA Cup for the first time since 2009.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning religious groups from receiving tax credits.
The mother of a black man who posted a racist video on Facebook has said she is "shocked and appalled" by the abuse.
A man has been found guilty of assaulting a man at a holiday park.
Sporting Kansas City have won the MLS Cup for the second year in a row with a 2-1 victory over Costa Rica.
The mother of two victims of the Hillsborough disaster has been awarded a lifetime achievement award.
South Korea and the United States are in talks to host the 2018 Winter Olympics, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) has said.
A gunman has opened fire on a journalist in the Turkish city of Cumhuriyet, police have said.
A Carmarthenshire courthouse has been bought by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi is to headline the Brighton Festival, organisers have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will leave the Royal Air Force at the end of the year.
The US Senate has voted to ratify a landmark international treaty aimed at protecting the rights of disabled people.
UKIP's chief legal officer has said she does not believe the High Court's ruling on the UK's membership of the European Union is unconstitutional.
More than 1,000 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in a competition to break the world's reading record.
Spain's Sergio Pedrosa retained his MotoGP title with victory in the final round of the Austrian Grand Prix.
Rowling has apologised after being accused of "bullying" people on social media.
The body of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti has been found at a prison in Tehran, state media report.
A World War Two airfield has been given a heritage status.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder following a series of shootings in Northern Ireland.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Two of Scotland's largest horses, Lewis and Lewis, have been trained by police.
A man has been charged with attempted robbery after a cash machine was stolen from a shop in Kirkcaldy.
Ed Sheeran has been confirmed as the winner of this year's EMA music awards in Glasgow.
At least 20 people have been killed in shelling by pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine, officials say.
The trial of a Muslim cleric held in Egypt for more than a year has been adjourned until the end of the year.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has written to the government asking it to publish the names of people using the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The University of Ulster (UU) has warned that a border fence between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland could lead to the loss of EU research funding.
Hull City have signed Uruguay international striker Abel Hernandez for an undisclosed fee.
London's iconic landmark, Big Ben, has been chosen as the city's 100th anniversary.
A baby wombat has been born at a wildlife reserve in Australia.
New Zealand head coach Steve McNamara says he has "no idea" if he will continue as England coach.
A man who raped and murdered a woman in Melbourne has been found guilty of a string of sexual assaults.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to attend a service to mark the 90th anniversary of the death of Princess Diana.
The UK's biggest chipmaker, ARM Holdings, should be sold to Japan's Softbank, the UK's chief economist has said.
Singer Raye has been named the UK's Sound of 2017 for the first time.
A Canadian animal sanctuary has been charged with animal cruelty.
Hibernian have reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Women's Hockey League.
Mae'r Cymru wedi cael ei gael yn ôl wedi gael ei ddyddio'n yn cael ar â'r mewn.
A Turkish holidaymaker has said he is "devastated" by the closure of a holiday centre in Istanbul.
The co-owner of a Costa Concordia ship that capsized off the coast of Tuscany has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she does not want another independence referendum after the UK voted to leave the EU.
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have been arrested in connection with a drugs trafficking operation, the state news agency Nama says.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has been extradited to the US.
Archaeologists have discovered Iron Age tools dating back more than 1,000 years.
Manchester City have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for violent conduct during Sunday's FA Cup semi-final with Chelsea.
Scientists say they have discovered a new way of eating dinosaurs.
Former England and England striker Adam Johnson has pleaded not guilty to a string of sex offences dating back to 2013.
One of the world's biggest rail companies, FirstGroup, has been told it will not be able to run all new trains between London Waterloo and London Waterloo.
Two fossilised dinosaurs have been discovered on the Cairngorms in Australia.
A light aircraft has crashed in North Yorkshire.
The chief executive of one of the world's biggest banks has told the BBC he wants the UK to stay in the European Union.
Violence has broken out at a Hindu temple in the western Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir, police say.
A legal challenge to a law banning people from making false statements during the general election has been thrown out.
Graffiti on a block of flats in Hull has been branded "unacceptable" by a deaf man.
Lewis Hamilton says he wants to win the Canadian Grand Prix for the first time in his career.
The latest version of Grand Theft Auto has been delayed until the end of the year.
League Two side Rotherham United have re-signed midfielder Jack Rothwell and left-back Jack Maguire.
The NHS in England is to stop offering "gay conversion therapy" to gay people, the BBC has learned.
A man in the US state of Oregon has been caught up in an online plot to smuggle heroin into his home.
A health trust has been criticised for failing to deal with staff shortages.
UK food and drink exports reached a record high in the first three months of the year, according to the Federation of British Industry (FDF).
Olympic gold medallist Jade Grainger says she has been inspired to become a black belt in martial arts.
Tens of thousands of stranded whales have been rescued from a lake in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
A man accused of stabbing his ex-partner to death has told a court he had a knife in his hand.
League Two side Gillingham have signed striker Alex Emmanuel-Thomas on loan until the end of the season.
The Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme is under way in Northern Ireland.
Defending champion Tyrrell Hatton has become the first British golfer to earn more than £1m on the European Tour.
England captain Michael Vaughan says the first Test against Pakistan has been a "massive" success.
Kenny Hamill has signed a new three-year contract with Kilmarnock.
Olympic downhill champion Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win all four of her World Cup races.
UK Secretary of State Michael Gove has said Turkey should be allowed to join the European Union.
You've been using Your Questions to tell us what you've been up to this week.
Volkswagen has said it will stop selling some of its diesel cars in the rest of Europe as part of an investigation into the diesel emissions scandal.
Voting is under way in Nigeria's second-largest city, Lagos, ahead of a presidential election due to be held on Sunday.
Hibernian boss Derek Londonderry has been given a three-match ban by European football governing body Uefa.
Northern Ireland's emergency department is struggling to cope with the pressures of A&E.
Partick Thistle manager Derek McInnes has been shortlisted for the Scottish Professional Footballer of the Year award.
It was the first time a woman was ordained as a priest in the Church of Wales.
Former paramilitaries in Northern Ireland are calling for a pension for victims of the Troubles.
A man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murders of two Jewish men and a Jewish man at Jewish synagogues.
Blackburn Rovers have agreed a deal to sign Dutch defender Christian Dijkks from Dutch side Ajax for an undisclosed fee.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to leave Anglesey, the Duke of Cambridge has confirmed.
Stephen Dobie scored twice as Dundee beat Alloa Athletic to reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
A man who died after being restrained by police has been named by an inquest into his death.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife and three children at their Washington DC home.
Malaysia's film version of Beauty and the Beast has been allowed to go ahead in cinemas after a ban was lifted.
A body has been found on a beach in Caerphilly county.
Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has said he is "disappointed" by reports of sexual abuse at a detention centre on the island of Nauru.
Mexican authorities have ordered the arrest of six people over a fire at a children's nursery in the southern state of Guerrero.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a 14-year-old girl.
If you're looking for a cheap hotel in Germany, you might be forgiven for thinking that the price is too high.
Spain captain Juan Manuel Casillas has been named in Spain's squad for Euro 2016.
British author Anil Mukherjee has been named as the winner of this year's Booker Prize.
The annual Tomato Tomato Festival, which takes place in the town of Tamaqua, is getting under way.
A huge mako shark has been caught off the coast of Wales for the first time.
A gorilla has been filmed playing in a zoo for the first time.
When I first arrived in Ghent, I had no idea what to expect.
The number of nurses and midwives in Scotland is at an all-time high, according to a union.
A recording of the 1966 World Cup anthem has been released for the first time.
Thousands of printers in Germany have been hacked by a hacker who tried to hijack them.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with attempted murder following the death of a man in Aberdeen.
Wrexham maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Macclesfield.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has said he is "disappointed" that the BBC is not planning to hold debates before the general election.
The final phase of the demolition of the so-called Jungle camp in Calais has been completed.
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in as the country's new president.
Gianfranco Zola scored twice as Birmingham beat Barnsley to move to within three points of the Championship play-off places.
Students at the University of Oxford are to be able to track how many times they have missed out on a course.
Birmingham City's Women's Super League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Birmingham City.
The number of illegal immigrants arrested in the US has more than doubled in a year, according to new figures.
Australia batsman James Gayle has apologised after being asked if he would like to have a drink in the BBL.
A French man has been arrested in Italy after a huge haul of cocaine was found in his luggage.
The Afghan government has signed a deal with the US-led coalition fighting Taliban militants in the western province of Wardak.
Universities in Wales have been warned not to "hide behind walls" after the vote to leave the European Union.
Millions of people in India are eating a lot of milk, but what about the rest of the world?
Doonoon have pulled out of a music festival in Dumfries and Galloway due to a lack of ticket sales.
Olympic champion Oracle Team USA beat New Zealand 4-1 to win the America's Cup for the second year in a row.
Swansea City manager Pep Guardiola is the best manager in the world, according to a Swansea City defender.
Britain's Laura Massaro and Heather Perry reached the semi-finals of the British Open for the second year in a row.
A group of former workers have begun a legal action against the Northern Ireland government over its handling of the redevelopment of two former military bases in Derry.
A hospital in Inverness has reopened following an outbreak of norovirus.
Hundreds of children have been reunited with their families as part of a new exhibition celebrating homelessness in the UK.
Three men have been charged with causing the death of a teenage girl who died after being hit by a car.
A cargo ship has been involved in a collision with a ferry in the English Channel.
A man who defecated a cat in a hotel room has been jailed for five years.
Talks have broken out between the UK government and French shipping company Eurotunnel over the closure of the Channel Tunnel.
UK Anti-Doping (UkUkrain) is investigating whether Team Sky took part in a drug-fuelled doping scandal.
A man has been found guilty of stealing Marmalade from his Surrey home.
David Beckham's use of the "H" in his English accent has increased, according to a study.
Ex-Wales international Rhys Phillips says he has no doubt that Stade Francais and Racing 92 will share the same rivalry.
The Unicode Consortium (Unicode) has approved the introduction of a new set of emojis.
(Close): London's leading shares rose after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
More needs to be done to tackle bullying in schools, a group of MSPs has said.
A Scottish Gaelic text message has been sent to a County Fermanagh council, police have said.
League Two side Rochdale have re-signed midfielder Ryan Dale on a season-long loan.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following a two-vehicle crash in County Antrim.
Coventry City Council has held a meeting with the club's owners to discuss plans for a new stadium.
Glamorgan director of cricket David Morris says he is looking for a new fast bowler to help boost the team's finances.
Leicester scrum-half Sam Youngs says he has no regrets about missing out on a place in the British and Irish Lions squad.
Wales suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Australia at Twickenham.
The UK's prime minister has said she wants to cut net migration to less than 100,000 by 2020.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to eight points with victory over Aberdeen.
David Cameron has called for a "new settlement" between England, Wales and Northern Ireland following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A new blood test could help diagnose people with Alzheimer's disease, say researchers.
The world's biggest floating floating ship, the Ferris Wheel, has arrived in the UK.
Championship side Reading have re-signed former Cardiff City striker Paul Cox and former Reading striker Paul Ferdinand.
A campaign to change the name of Skegness's Jolly Fisherman has been launched.
French actor Nicolas Depardieu has become the first actor to become a citizen of Russia.
England's Heather Noppert and Laura Waite will face each other in the semi-finals of the Wokingham Open.
Swansea City's search for a new manager has been put on hold until the end of the season.
Dundee United have appointed former Dundee United manager Paul McCann as their new manager.
Two of the world's oldest swimming pools have been listed as being at risk of collapse.
A chronology of key events:
A Scottish Conservative referee has been suspended from his job after failing to attend a meeting of the Scottish Parliament.
The world's largest corm has been released into the wild for the first time.
A record number of transgender children have been referred to schools in England and Wales, figures show.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has won a second term in office, the country's constitutional court has ruled.
Blackburn Rovers have signed former Wolves defender Richard White on a season-long loan deal.
The Tour de France has been abandoned after a peloton of riders broke through a safety barrier.
Seismic waves have broken out at a football game in the US state of Washington, officials say.
It's been a year since the world governing body, Fifa, became embroiled in a major corruption scandal.
Wales have been accused of breaching the Rugby Football Union's rules in their Six Nations opener against England on Saturday.
A married couple were punched in the face during a fight at a wedding, a court has heard.
Britain's Mark Cavendish became the first British rider to win a MotoGP race at the European Grand Prix.
Nato says it has freed more than 1,000 prisoners from Taliban captivity in the Afghan province of Kandahar.
Indonesia is one of the world's largest economies, with more than 100 million people living in the country.
Sainsbury's has reported a sharp drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
A new genetic test for heart disease has been developed by the Royal College of Cardiology.
Glamorgan reached the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast South Group with victory over Hampshire.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
The Sri Lankan army has released new photographs of a boy it says was shot dead during a battle with Tamil Tiger rebels in 2009.
Bayern Munich reached the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Borussia Monchengladbach.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a woman whose body was found in her bed.
It is one of the best-loved sports films of all time.
A Staffordshire hospital has been upgraded to "outstanding" by a health watchdog.
India's Tata Steel is one of the world's biggest steel companies.
Deportivo La Coruna manager Juan Manuel Sanchez has left the club.
Bill Cosby, the comedian who has been accused of sexually assaulting women, has withdrawn his honorary degree from a college he founded.
Serena Wozniacki beat Heather Watson in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Rogers Cup.
A man and a woman have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in North Ayrshire.
Six teenagers have been given suspended jail sentences for disorder in a Ceredigion town.
Triple Crown winner Frankie Dettori won the Ribchester Stakes for the first time in his career.
India's government has introduced a new law banning companies from selling geospatial data in the country.
World number one Rory McIlroy missed the cut at the Dubai Desert Classic as he carded a four-under-par 65.
The National Portrait Gallery has been forced to sell a 17th Century African painting after it went on display for the first time.
Ex-Lord Janner's inquests into child sex abuse in England and Wales have been postponed until the end of the year.
Voting is under way in the first round of local elections in England and Wales.
Palestinians have condemned Israel's decision to remove metal detectors from the holy site of the Temple Mount.
A six-year-old girl who went missing from a Hindu temple in India has been found safe and well.
Three feet of human remains have been found in a Somerset park, police have said.
A new high-speed dual carriageway on the M1 has been approved by the government.
A third of homes in the Channel Islands have been found to have high levels of radon, a study has found.
Derbyshire Council has announced plans to close the city's main library.
England captain Alastair Cook hit his first first-class century of the season to help Essex beat Essex by eight wickets.
Two of South Yorkshire's largest police forces have announced plans to merge their dog and dog units.
Two police forces failed to stop a dementia patient who died after being mistaken for a lorry, an inquest has heard.
Linfield beat La Fiorita to reach the second round of the Champions League.
Plans for new marine zones in Wales have been scrapped, the environment secretary has said.
Northern Ireland international Paddy Williams has signed a new three-year deal with the League Two club.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
The DNA of a man accused of stabbing a man to death has been matched to the DNA of another man, a court has heard.
One of Scotland's biggest music festivals has opened in Dumfries.
The number of nuns in the UK has reached a record high, according to the Church of England.
Wolves striker Zaha Hadid could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The family of a British-Iranian woman who has been detained in Iran for more than a year have called for her release.
Bradford City reached the League Cup quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Chesham.
The family of a woman who was murdered more than 30 years ago have called for an independent inquiry into the case.
A police officer has described the moment a man shot a woman in the head with a Taser in a Gwynedd flat.
Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Carlos Almagro has accused President Nicolas Maduro of being a "fraudulent dictator".
Plans to close a West Berkshire fire station have been given the go-ahead.
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) has opened a legal challenge to the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
A teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of a 15-year-old girl who died after taking a legal high.
A five-year-old Australian boy has won $1m (Â£1m) in a New Zealand lottery jackpot.
Forest Green Rovers have signed Nottingham Forest striker Alex Davies on a season-long loan deal.
Noble, the world's biggest oil and gas trader, has warned that the price of crude oil has fallen to a record low.
The police chief of South Africa's capital, Pretoria, has suspended a detective accused of killing Oscar Pistorius.
The new leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), Kirsty Williams, has been elected to the assembly for the first time.
The defence secretary, Sir Michael Fallon, has said the UK needs to do more to support the defence of the world.
Fifteen people have been arrested in Iran over online modelling, the country's supreme court has said.
Lizzie Armitstead won the final stage of the Women's Tour de Yorkshire as Marianne Vos took the overall lead.
A woman's body has been found at a house in Greater Manchester.
Animal rights campaigners have said they will appeal against a judge's decision to order a dog to be put in a kennel.
Taiwanese actress Ye Yeoh has been named best actress at the Hong Kong International Film Festival.
Olympic gold medallist Emma Pooley has signed a new three-year deal to compete in the Rio Olympics.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a dog owner.
A British backpacker has said he was "taken aback" when he was asked to remove a wire from his handbag.
The Spanish government has made it easier for Jews living in the occupied territory of the Iberian peninsula to apply for citizenship.
The Duchess of Cambridge has visited schools in Scotland for the first time in more than a year.
Portsmouth suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by League Two play-off hopefuls Crawley Town.
The number of murders in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to new figures.
Super League leaders Hull FC will play Wakefield Trinity in the first round of the 2017-18 season.
Unemployment in Northern Ireland is at its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton became the first driver to win a Formula 1 title with victory at the Italian Grand Prix.
Paralympic runner Michael Whitehead has released photographs of his training for the London Marathon.
Prime Minister David Cameron has called for a "more adult" approach to Prime Minister's Questions.
More than 100 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in the southern South African province of Limpopo, local media report.
Donald Trump has vowed to sue the Scottish government over plans to build an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen.
Councillors in Conwy have approved plans to create a pedestrian-only lay-by in the centre of the town.
Ulster Bank has apologised to customers affected by a software fault.
A Tunisian man arrested in connection with the Berlin truck attack has been released on bail.
Cardiff City manager Paul Slade says winning the League Two title would be a "dream come true".
The chief executive of a major arts organisation in Inverness has resigned.
The European Union has pledged a $1.9bn (£1.8bn) fund to tackle the migrant crisis in Africa.
The UK's reliance on renewable energy is unsustainable, according to a new report.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the NHS in England.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a van in Leicestershire.
London Irish claimed their first Premiership win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Bath.
A signed contract signed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney has sold for more than £1m at auction in London.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Tel Aviv to protest against the Israeli military's bombardment of Gaza.
The family of a Canadian man who was forced to sit in the back of a plane for more than two hours have been compensated by United Airlines.
Northern Ireland students are more satisfied with their lives than any other part of the world, according to a study.
The number of planes taking off and landing in UK airspace has reached record levels, the government has said.
The disappearance of Reddit's national security canary last week has raised questions about whether the site is being targeted by the US government.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Kenya's army has released CCTV footage showing it looting a shopping centre in the capital, Nairobi.
More than 1,000 tonnes of rubbish has been removed from a seaside beach in West Yorkshire.
A patient at a Carmarthenshire nursing home has died.
Benedict Cumberbatch has spoken of how he helped a woman who was having a baby.
A doctor accused of carrying out a series of breast cancer attacks has told a court he did not believe he had a "nuclear bomb".
The American Antarctic Survey (AAS) is on the way to the Arctic Ocean.
Google has reported better-than-expected pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
Sengeng continued her impressive start to the Cheltenham Festival with a comfortable victory over Sengeng at Ascot.
Gateshead extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to five points with victory over Wrexham.
China has rejected a court ruling that it does not have any rights to the South China Sea.
A Glasgow-based neurosurgeon has developed a new way of understanding facial deformities.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in a Glasgow street.
Leyton Orient have been bought by a group of investors for an undisclosed sum.
Prime Minister Theresa May will have to wait until the end of the year to set a date for a general election.
Work has resumed at a fire-damaged building in Oxfordshire.
The number of private ambulances responding to emergency calls in England has more than doubled in the last five years, figures show.
Liverpool continued their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Burton Albion.
England seam bowler Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the women's one-day international against India.
New Ipswich Town manager Paul Taylor says the club needs to do more to encourage young players to clean their boots.
Police have released images of two men they want to trace in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl.
League Two side Gateshead have extended the loan spell of midfielder Jack Atkinson until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has called on the US intelligence community to investigate allegations of Russian meddling in the US election.
Portuguese shares have fallen more than 5% after the country's two main parties agreed to form a coalition government.
Plymouth's Chloe Potter hopes to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.
Three men have been found guilty of carrying out a gang-style armed robbery at a flat in Edinburgh.
Colchester United have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Alex Reid on loan until the end of the season.
"I want to be a coach," says Cameron Toshack.
Children living in the most deprived areas of Scotland are more likely to be victims of violence, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend.
Jason O'Dowd is one of the world's best-known jousters.
One of the UK's biggest food companies, Thompson and Morgan, has said it is "not aware" of an outbreak of E. coli.
Plans for a fertility clinic in Hartlepool have been put on hold.
A section of the M4 has reopened after a lorry driver died in a crash.
A woman accused of being involved in a sexual relationship with footballer Craig Johnson has told a court she has never had sex with him.
Britain's social mobility is at its lowest level since the 1930s, a report says.
Israel's prime minister has accused Iran of carrying out a ballistic missile test in defiance of international sanctions.
Rail passengers will be able to follow the progress being made on the East Coast Main Line for the first time this year.
Welshman Andrew Selby will defend his IBF super-middleweight title against Carl Norman in Cardiff on Saturday.
Glasgow have reached the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup for the first time.
Match reports from the Scottish Premiership, Scottish Premiership and Scottish Championship.
Blackburn Rovers extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to five points with victory over Sheffield United.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Wales looks at some of the key questions facing the Welsh language.
It's the first day of campaigning for the general election.
Great Britain won four medals at the World Para-athletics Championships in Beijing.
The former chief constable of Greater Manchester, Sir Bernard Bramley, is to chair a review into the Metropolitan Police's handling of child sex abuse allegations.
The winner of this year's Man Booker Prize has been announced.
The head of a Glasgow cathedral has said he is "disappointed" by the decision to allow members of the congregation to read the Koran.
A Norwegian man who carried out a mass murder in Norway last year says he has been kept in solitary confinement for more than a year.
England's Phil Mickelson shot a four-under-par 65 to move into the lead at the halfway stage of the Masters.
It's been a week since a leaked draft of Jeremy Corbyn's Labour manifesto leaked online.
A drug used to treat Alzheimer's disease has been approved in the US for the first time.
Sinn Féin MLA Jim McCann has called on the Attorney General John Larkin to resign.
A former Olympic gold medallist has been found guilty of assaulting a student at a Glasgow supermarket.
Atletico Madrid clinched the Spanish league title for the first time with victory over Barcelona at the Nou Camp.
A new offshore wind farm in Fife has been given the go-ahead.
A 19-year-old man has been found guilty of the murder of a woman in the Scottish Borders.
A Swansea man credited with pioneering radio astronomy has been honoured with a blue plaque.
Photographer David Jenkinson has been diagnosed with a rare form of blindness.
The Wood Trust has called for a change in the way trees are protected in England.
Hundreds of Afghan police officers have been freed from a Taliban stronghold in the northern province of Helmand, officials say.
Welsh folk music is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
The number of patients transferred to critical care units in Wales has more than halved, according to a report by the Welsh government.
Championship club Los Angeles Galaxy have signed former Manchester United boss David Moyes on a two-year deal.
Dozens of Yazidis have been freed by Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq, the UN says.
Four people have been arrested after a mass flash mob in a seaside town in the Spanish region of Catalonia.
In our series of letters from football journalists, BBC Sport looks at some of the most memorable World Cup matches of all time.
At least 13 people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in Nepal, officials say.
The chief executive of one of Wales' largest health boards has been suspended following a series of emails.
The Knights of Malta have taken to the streets of Malta for the first time in more than 100 years.
Actress Gretchen Carr, best known for her role in The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 83.
A man from Kosovo has been sentenced to life in prison for hacking into the computers of US military personnel.
The Formula 1 season has come to an end, but how do you predict the final race of the season?
The chief constable of Surrey Police has told the BBC he is considering resigning.
A brain tumour has been discovered at a hospital in Cumbria.
Former world number one Andy Murray has been made a knight in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales scrum-half Conor North says he wants to score more tries in his final Six Nations game against Italy.
A British aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen last month has been freed, her family has said.
A second strike by Caledonian MacBrayne ferry workers has been called off.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 are over.
Tens of thousands of people have been displaced by floods in southern Thailand, officials say.
German police have arrested four men suspected of trying to travel to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State (IS).
Norwich City defender Ryan Lafferty has been charged with betting on football matches.
A man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children by dangerous driving, a court has heard.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Blackpool chairman Paul Oyston has been found not guilty of threatening to shoot the club's chairman, a court has ruled.
If you want to make a difference in the lives of people in war-torn Syria, you need to find a way to do it.
A luxury hotel in Aberdeen has been put up for sale.
Britain's Tyson Fury has defended his IBF world heavyweight title against Russia's Alexander Kovalev.
Plans to cut the number of legal aid providers in England and Wales have been criticised by a leading barrister.
A former member of Adolf Hitler's Fuehrer's inner circle has told the BBC that he had no idea what he was doing.
Ulster beat Ospreys to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
A company has been issued with a safety notice after a fire broke out at a coal mine in Somerset.
A lorry driver accused of sexually abusing children has told a court he did not want to go to police.
Glamorgan will play Glamorgan in the first one-day international of the T20 Blast season.
The European Union and the United States are set to hold talks on trade after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A teenager has been arrested after a football match was abandoned because of a knife attack.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in a canal.
In the early hours of the morning, I was sitting in a field in the middle of the Ukrainian city of Pisky.
Cardiff Devils head coach Mark Kelman says he is "disappointed" the club's decision to cancel their Challenge Cup semi-final against Sheffield Steelers.
Ed Sheeran's London and London gigs have been postponed because of a broken leg.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was attacked with a knife.
The World Snooker Championship has been scrapped after a vote of no confidence in its governing body.
Olympic champion Jessica Dujujard will compete in a dressage dressage event at the World Championships in London.
Shutterbox, ridden by Jodie Dettori, won the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham.
For more than a year, Mexican students who went missing in Mexico have been trying to find their bodies.
The director of the National Theatre has said he would like to see more diversity at the theatre.
Michael Dunlop set a new world record in the Superbike class at the Isle of Man TT.
It's a small village in the middle of the Yorkshire Dales.
One of London's most famous restaurants, Henry's, has gone bust.
More than £1m has been seized by a drug trafficking gang in Cardiff.
A woman who died after being hit by a motorbike has been found guilty of manslaughter.
Junior doctors have voted in favour of a new contract with the government.
The owner of a cat sanctuary in Devon has said he has been told by the RSPCA to stop taking animals out of the premises.
Volkswagen has been ordered by a court in the German city of Braunschweig to halt production of its cars.
The Liberal Democrats are to offer free bus tickets to young people in England and Wales, Nick Clegg has said.
Defending champions West Indies beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the third and final Test in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has come into force in the European Union.
Hospitals across the UK are preparing to eat turkey for the first time this year.
Mercedes' Max Verstappen set the pace in the first practice session of the Spanish Grand Prix.
The family of a British journalist who died at a Turkish airport say they do not believe her death was an act of terrorism.
England's women's squad for the Women's Six Nations has been named in the squad for this summer's tournament in Italy.
A former TV presenter accused of sexually abusing boys has told a court he was a "stalker" for years.
Britain's Chris Froome won the first stage of the Tour de France as Alberto Contador took the overall lead.
Kallum Higginbotham's second-half equaliser earned Falkirk victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
Thousands of people in the UK are being urged to register to vote in the EU referendum.
One of the world's largest glaciers, Totten, is about to retreat, according to a new study.
In the wake of the Watergate scandal, the US press reacted with fury to the news that President Richard Nixon had resigned.
A worker has said he fears for his health after being exposed to radioactive material on a drilling platform.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer in Essex.
A boat carrying migrants has capsized off the coast of Libya, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa more than four years ago, have said they are "devastated" by her death.
England ended Sri Lanka's three-match one-day series with a five-wicket victory at Edgbaston.
It's one of the most remote towns in the UK.
AFC Wimbledon have apologised after a fan threw a coin at the head of their supporters during a match at MK Dons.
Hibernian cruised to victory over Bonnyrigg to reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Championship.
Scotland fly-half Alex Jones has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
The Queen has tweeted a birthday message to mark her 90th birthday.
A woman has become the first woman to be ordained as a bishop in the Church of England.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Jake Ball has improved, says director of cricket Steve Read.
The wife of the Prince of Sealand has died at the age of 90.
A German-language orchestra has won a legal battle with a Chinese rival over its use of its music in China.
The introduction of a multiplication test for all primary school pupils in England is to be scrapped, Education Secretary Simon Gibb has said.
US President Barack Obama has called for an independent investigation into the bombing of a children's hospital in northern Afghanistan.
Glasgow Rovers have signed former Crusaders defender Mark Chrystal on a two-year deal.
In the middle of a forest in the Amazon rainforest, a young man called Ded Ded Dedel looks out at the trees.
Ulster Rugby has apologised for refusing to wear a poppy during Saturday's game against Newport Gwent Dragons.
League Two side Gateshead have signed striker Ryan Johnson on a season-long loan deal.
Some of the most famous video games of all time have been released online.
A bill to allow same-sex couples to marry has been approved by Holyrood's MSPs.
Tens of thousands of TalkTalk customers have been tricked into paying more than £1m in bogus phone calls, a BBC investigation has found.
A mental health trust has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
The Scottish government has been accused of failing to understand the impact of the oil price crash on the economy.
A woman with ovarian cancer has been given the chance to have her ovaries re-grown.
A man who spent 14 years on death row in the US state of Pennsylvania has told the BBC he thought he was going to die.
Former world number one Johanna Konta reached the second round of the French Open with a 6-3 6-2 win over fellow Briton Mark Bedene.
It's been a busy week in the House of Commons.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said the number of police officers in the country needs to be increased.
Swansea City have been in the headlines for more than a decade.
Liverpool striker Can scored his first goal of the season to help his side reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
People with type-1 diabetes are being urged to take action to prevent the spread of the disease.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death.
India's online retailer Flipkart has raised more than $1bn (Â£1.2bn) in the last three years to become the world's biggest online retailer.
The government has said it will appeal against a High Court ruling that it cannot trigger the UK's exit from the European Union.
Greek police are investigating claims that a member of the far-right Syriza party was attacked during a party meeting in Athens.
The Dundee-based fund manager Alliance Trust has announced plans to cut the size of its board.
China could be at risk from arsenic poisoning, according to a study.
Olympic champion Chris Froome has said he is "deeply disappointed" by Team Sky's handling of a drugs scandal.
A councillor has called for a "legal" budget to be set out by Liverpool City Council.
A post-graduate school in a Kent town has said it will close at the end of the year.
England head coach Eddie Hartley says there is no pressure on his players ahead of the tour of South Africa.
Researchers in the US say they have discovered a new way to repair damaged hearts.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock has confirmed Peter Whittingham's future will be decided by the end of the season.
It's one of the biggest concerts in the world.
Former US President Barack Obama is to leave Ireland for the last time, his son has said.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he has no problem with his team-mates using social media to criticise manager Paul Pogba.
A woman diagnosed with ovarian cancer has become the first woman in Northern Ireland to take part in a clinical trial in England.
Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan says he has no intention of resigning if his side fail to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Archaeologists say they have found the earliest evidence of human settlement in the Americas.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce has been called up to take part in a match against his former club.
The United Nations says it is concerned about the impact of President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for UN peacekeeping.
Police searching for a man who died after being hit by a car in East Lothian have made a fresh appeal for information.
Children in Finland are more likely to be able to drive than other countries, a study suggests.
Four police officers have been suspended after a man's severed fingers were found in a toilet bowl.
Partick Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
More than £1bn of unpaid child maintenance in England and Wales is due to be paid, the government has said.
Russell Brand has been accused of using his Twitter account to harass a journalist.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu looks at the challenges facing the country's political parties.
Aberdeen and Dundee have been relegated to the bottom of the Scottish Championship for the first time.
China's highest court has overturned a jail sentence for a journalist who leaked confidential information to foreign governments.
A coroner has written to the Ministry of Health asking it to take more patients out of mental health units in Cornwall.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is ready to take charge of the club for the first time.
People should be asked to return discarded rubbish from beaches, a charity has said.
League Two side Pompey have signed defender Jackmough on a season-long loan deal.
James Graham has announced he is to write a new play about the aftermath of the EU referendum.
The latest edition of Celebrity Big Brother has been shown on BBC One for the first time.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England and Wales.
Voters in England and Wales have voted to leave the European Union, the BBC has learned.
Brazilian mining giant BHP Billiton has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) to settle claims over the collapse of the Rio de Janeiro dam.
Boeing has announced plans to reduce the size of its overhead bins.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Cape Town.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Ben Latham hit his first first-class century of the season to help Durham beat Durham by eight wickets at Durham.
League Two side Peterborough United have signed former Portsmouth striker Paul Pritchard on loan until the end of the season.
The pound has risen to a new all-time high against the dollar.
An inquest into the death of a man shot dead by a police officer in Belfast more than 40 years ago has been adjourned.
An inquiry into the death of a three-year-old girl who choked on her mother's handbag has been launched.
A record number of Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales, new figures show.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets to win the Wimbledon men's singles title.
A woman who confronted her ex-partner over his drug addiction has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Shrewsbury Town striker Victor Ogogo has signed a new three-year contract with the League One club.
Britain's Matteo Trentin won stage three of the Vuelta a Espana as Chris Froome retained the overall lead.
World number one Jordan Spieth shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the Australian Open.
A sinkhole has opened up in a block of flats, the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said.
England captain Michael Swann says his side are "tough to beat" in the one-day series against India.
Careers Wales has been told it could be forced to cut its workforce by the end of the year, Unison has said.
Great Britain's Laura Evans and Laura Francois won gold medals in the men's and women's 4x400m freestyle at the European Para-cycling Championships.
Napoli have signed Colombia defender Lucas Zuniga for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
The chancellor George Osborne has announced plans to cut the number of government departments in England and Wales.
Benedict Cumberbatch has described James Bond as the "best actor in the world".
Chris Northeast's second-wicket century of the season helped Essex beat Essex by eight wickets in a rain-affected One-Day Cup match.
In the wake of the deadly shooting at a mosque in Quebec last week, the country's Muslim community has been on the edge of radicalisation.
ITV has said it will not be affected by a strike by its staff over pay.
Glamorgan director of cricket Paul Mott says he is ready for the start of the 2017-18 season.
Former Home Secretary Nick Clegg has said the UK's prison population should be cut.
A woman accused of sexually abusing children has been found not guilty by reason of insanity.
The world's oceans are becoming increasingly vulnerable to climate change, according to a new report.
In our series of letters from African journalists, George Osborne has told us how much he has spent in the last year.
Hundreds of jobs could be lost at a steelworks in Newport, the company's chief executive has said.
Dozens of greyhounds have been found dead in a shallow grave in the Australian state of Queensland.
Sunderland head coach Tony Houston says he is not aware of any potential bids for Luke Houston.
Paul Daniels, one of the UK's most successful illusionists, has died at the age of 90.
The number of rail passengers claiming compensation has risen by more than a third in the last three years, figures have shown.
Police have released CCTV images of two men they want to trace in connection with the murder of a man in a wooded area.
One of Australia's most senior politicians has announced he is going on medical leave.
Smokers in a Breckland council have been asked to stop smoking during their breaks.
An 18-year-old student has described the moment she heard a loud bang on a London Underground train.
England were forced to settle for a draw with Australia in the second Test at Edgbaston.
A student who died after drinking a coffee in Indonesia has been named by her family.
Former Forest Green Rovers midfielder John McGovern believes the signing of Nottingham Forest striker Scott Burke will help him become a world-class player.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a flat.
Sri Lankan police are investigating whether a Buddhist monk killed himself in a self-immolation in the capital, Colombo.
Japanese nuclear giant Hitachi has signed a deal to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK.
The leader of the Scottish Labour party has called for a "new generation" to lead the party.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has topped the US box office for the first time.
The family of a British backpacker who was arrested in Colombia last week have said they are "devastated" by the discovery of drugs hidden in her headphones.
Lionel Messi scored a hat-trick as Barcelona beat Sevilla to extend their unbeaten start to the La Liga season.
A number of items have been stolen from a property in Lockerbie.
It was one of the biggest awards of the year.
The UK is set to become a member of the World Trade Organization (WTO).
One of the UK's biggest toy companies, Palitoy, is celebrating its 50th anniversary.
The Great Hall of the University of Bristol has been transformed into a "nightmare".
A new method of making liquid glass has been developed by US researchers.
World number one Roger Federer beat world number one Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to win his first French Open title.
A number of roads have been closed in parts of Scotland due to snow and ice.
Blackpool came from behind to beat Wycombe Wanderers in the National League.
A man has been taken to hospital after being shot in the head at a house in Londonderry.
A two-year-old girl and her mother have been caught up in a car crash in the US state of Indiana.
A man has been taken to hospital after being seriously injured in Edinburgh.
A World War Two veteran has died in a plane crash in the Republic of Ireland.
The US Supreme Court's most senior justice, Justice Antonin Scalia, has said he will not rule on whether guns should be legal in the US.
A gay rights group has filed a legal challenge to a California state ban on same-sex marriage.
Scotland's finance secretary has been criticised by MSPs for refusing to release details of his budget before the Autumn Statement.
Former England batsman Dougie Brown has resigned as head coach of Warwickshire.
The gravy gravy has been served in a giant gravy bowl for the first time in more than 30 years.
Police investigating the murder of a former member of the Provisional IRA have made a fresh appeal for information.
Former EastEnders actor Grant Kemp is to return to the soap for the final episode of the series.
Police officers are being sued by victims of car thefts in Northern Ireland, the BBC has learned.
A Dumfries woman has been given a suspended sentence after biting a mailman in the face.
When Rotherham United were relegated from the League One play-off semi-finals, it was a dream come true.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial service for the victims of the Paris attacks.
A Holyrood by-election is set to take place in the Borders.
A passenger train has crashed into a wall in the Belgian city of Brussels.
If you want to see some of the most famous landmarks in the world, we've got you covered in virtual reality.
A golfer has been attacked by a crocodile while playing at a private golf course.
Plans to rename Columbus Day and Columbus Day have been approved by the city of Chicago.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property market has fallen sharply in the last three months, according to a report.
Prime Minister Theresa May has accused Jeremy Corbyn of using Baldrick the Iron Curtain as a "rogue" in Brexit negotiations.
A sequel to Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has been announced.
A former co-founder of the Silk Road online marketplace has been sentenced to life in prison.
A fox has been rescued from a Scottish wildlife reserve after being mistaken for a puppy.
Ivan Yafai retained his IBF super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Japan's Takashi Murakuni.
Oscar-winning Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 83.
A Cornish newspaper has criticised the government for refusing to allow its journalists to film Prime Minister David Cameron's state visit to Cornwall.
The bodies of a woman and her sister have been found at a flat in Glasgow.
Rangers owner Ian King has been appointed chairman of the club's board after a shareholders' meeting.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
The first series of Doctor Foster has been a huge hit for actress Gemma Jones.
Tens of thousands of football fans in Wales are being subjected to racist abuse, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
A former head teacher has been charged with child sex offences.
Vietnam has accused China of militarising disputed islands in the South China Sea.
Thousands of people have marched through Singapore's capital, Singapore, to protest against a ban on same-sex marriage.
The Bank of England has warned that the UK's economy is in danger of going into recession.
Urban areas are the best places to pollinate insects, according to a new study.
A man and a woman have been arrested after a three-year-old girl was bitten by a dog in a e-fit.
More than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims have been rescued from a boat bound for Indonesia, officials say.
A West Coast rail company has been banned from operating on the railways for three years.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing Whitehall this year.
Carmaker Kia is the best-selling car in the world, according to a new report.
One of the most wanted children in the world, Safid, is trying to make his way to the UK.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has said he is "very happy" with the result of the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
The number of hate crimes in Canada has risen sharply in the last three years, according to new figures.
Ferrari driver Lucien Bianchi has died at the age of 37.
Four candidates have been elected to the London mayoral election.
Northern Ireland's transport minister, Michael Walsh, has said he would support the government's plan to scrap air fares in Northern Ireland.
A woman has died following a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A90 in Glasgow.
Researchers at Queen's University in London have discovered a way to measure the length of bone marrow.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist died on a dual carriageway in London.
A US Supreme Court judge has ruled that US women's football players have a right to strike.
The UK's largest animal sanctuary, the Zoological Society of London, has been granted a visa to bring Simi back to the UK.
Former BBC Northern Ireland presenter Gerry Anderson has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award.
Microsoft has announced the launch of its first virtual reality console, the Xbox One.
A former child sex offender has won an injunction against Facebook after the social network removed a profile of him.
Hollywood actress Halle Berry has said she feels "embarrassed" after winning the Oscar for best actress.
BBC Newsnight's Jeremy Vine has been on a mission to the French port of Calais.
An independent panel has been set up to investigate the ongoing dispute at De La Salle College in Belfast.
Former Strictly Come Dancing champion Jessica Alani has announced she will not be returning to the show.
UK Secretary of State William Hague has urged the Iraqi government to take urgent action against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has signed a new four-year contract with the Serie A club.
Iceland has become the first country in the world to introduce a law banning discrimination against women.
Nigeria's government has been accused of misleading the public about the fate of 276 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants last year.
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley.
A boiler owner who applied for the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme has been refused permission to publish his details.
Mobile phone roaming charges in the UK are to be scrapped, the government has announced.
A woman has been raped at the Henley Regatta in Oxfordshire.
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed former Crewe Alexandra midfielder Alex van Aanholt on a season-long loan.
Bilkis Bano, one of India's most famous women, has finally been cleared of rape and murder.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he was "disappointed" by his side's poor start to the Premier League season.
Sir Elton John has said he does not believe HIV is a serious problem in Northern Ireland.
More than 1,000 EU citizens have been told to register to vote in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.
Championship side Preston North End have agreed to re-sign midfielder Bailey Wright on a free transfer.
China has denied reports that it has deployed a missile defence system on two disputed islands in the South China Sea.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has accused US President-elect Donald Trump of "destroying our own destiny".
Women should be able to take paid menstrual leave for the first time in their lives, according to the founder of Women's Equality.
Businesses in the UK will have to pay an extra £1.5m a year to cover the cost of apprenticeships, the chancellor has announced.
Two Conservative MPs have been ordered to pay £10,000 to settle a libel case over an alleged sexual assault in Rochdale.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for an end to protests in the capital, Kisumu.
Six people have been taken to hospital after a gorse fire broke out in a wooded area of Devon.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the challenges faced by people with disabilities.
Greek Prime Minister Evangelos Papademos has been injured in a bomb attack in Athens, officials say.
A PSNI officer has been attacked in a street in County Armagh.
Two-time Champion Hurdle winner Flashfire won the Oaks at Epsom for the first time in her career.
The father of a six-year-old boy shot dead during a traffic stop in Louisiana has said he has seen a video of his son being shot dead.
A team of scientists in the UK has implanted a tracker into the ground to track the movements of slugs.
Denmark women reached the semi-finals of the Women's European Championship with a 2-1 victory over Austria in Vienna.
Scientists say they have found the remains of a baby girl from Siberia.
President Donald Trump has been accused of leaking classified information to the media.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he is "devastated" by the club's poor start to the season.
The UN's chemical weapons watchdog is preparing to carry out an independent assessment of the alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria.
Paralympic glasses that allow blind people to see their surroundings are being developed in Oxford.
A US-Iranian journalist has been sentenced to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government.
Two seagull chicks have hatched at a quarry on the Isle of Wight, the RSPB has said.
Sea otters have been linked to the decline of seagrass in California, according to a new study.
A terminally-ill man has won a legal challenge to a new law allowing him to take his own life.
A man has been jailed for a minimum of four years after a haul of drugs worth more than £20,000 was found in a car.
Human remains have been found at a former Catholic orphanage in County Galway, the Irish minister has said.
When Celtic beat Raith Rovers to win the Scottish Cup for the first time, it marked the beginning of a new era in the club's history.
Physical education should be made part of the curriculum in Wales, a group of academics has said.
The parents of Charlie Gard have filed a legal challenge to the High Court's decision not to allow him to be put on life support.
Schools in England need to make outdoor learning part of their curriculum, say researchers.
Lancashire batsman Peter Chapple has been appointed as the county's new head coach, replacing Peter Moores.
England captain Alastair Cook has donated £10,000 to a charity after a customer complained about the rate of his first-class innings.
A memorial to a 13-year-old boy who drowned in a river in Somerset has been unveiled.
England's hopes of qualifying for the Euro 2016 group stage are over.
The father of a woman who was raped in India last year has called for her name to be revealed.
The decriminalisation of drugs in the US has been hailed as a major step forward in the fight against drug trafficking.
The RSPB has postponed the opening of a new reserve in Rotherham after heavy rain caused flooding.
Raptor nesting sites in the Highlands are being monitored by police.
A former Royal Marine has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Coffee chain Brains has announced plans to open a new coffee shop in south Wales.
Manchester City have signed Brazil defender Otamendi from Porto for an undisclosed fee.
A man has admitted punching a fellow scooter rider in the face during a charity event.
In our series of letters from Northern Ireland journalists, we take a look back at some of the key stories from the past week.
The price of oil has fallen to a four-year low, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA).
Wales manager Chris Coleman should stay in the Premier League, says former Crystal Palace defender Chris Roberts.
Millions of people in the world are living in poverty, according to a new report.
League Two side Derby County have signed former Nottingham Forest defender Jack Taylor on a two-year deal.
Black Panther star Lupita Nyong'o has confirmed he will play the Black Panther in the upcoming film.
A man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Kilmarnock.
Six men have been charged in connection with the seizure of more than £1m of cocaine in County Armagh.
A man has been jailed for 13 years for the murder of a pensioner in Glasgow.
The father of a soldier who died during a training exercise in Solihull has told an inquest he did not realise his son was missing.
Shaker Aamer, the former Guantanamo Bay detainee, has returned to the UK.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side were "embarrassed" by their Champions League defeat by Malmo.
(Close): The FTSE 100 has fallen more than 5% after it reported a fall in first-half profits.
US rock band U2 have confirmed the death of former Led Zeppelin guitarist Dennis Sheehan.
Steven Shankland's second-half equaliser earned Livingston a 1-1 draw at home to Livland.
Former Northern Ireland striker Michael McCourt has revealed he was told he would not be able to attend Euro 2016 because of a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's service sector slowed in February, according to a closely-watched survey.
Three former Rabobank traders have been charged with rigging Libor interest rates.
Chelsea Ladies reached the Women's Super League One quarter-finals for the first time with a hard-fought victory over Glasgow City.
The Confederation of African Football (Fufuf) says it is in talks with the coach of Nigeria's national team, Nikola Sredojevic.
Labour's new leader, Kezia Dugdale, has said she will not stand for the party's leadership in the general election.
US President-elect Donald Trump has met Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen for the first time.
Harvard University is to change its name from "master" to "master".
Portugal reached the quarter-finals of the 2018 World Cup with a 2-1 win over hosts Chile.
A crackdown on drug addicts in Sao Paulo has ended.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness is to visit France to mark the centenary of the end of World War One.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says winning the Champions League would be a "great achievement" for the club.
Thistlecrack has died after suffering a suspected case of haemorrhage at the Cheltenham Festival.
It's almost time for the January transfer window to close.
The government's plan to cut the number of reservists in the Army has been criticised by a former defence minister.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he did not think his side were the best team in the world.
Former England boss Carlo Ancelotti has resigned as manager of Russia.
Wild birds in Malta are being hunted illegally, a wildlife expert has said.
A 15-year-old girl has been seriously injured in a car crash in West Midlands.
One of Scotland's largest music companies has confirmed it is planning to close its factory in Coatbridge.
Mark Evans' second-half equaliser earned West Brom victory over Stoke at The Hawthorns.
A plan to make Oxford's Queen Street more pedestrian-friendly has been put forward by Oxford City Council.
McDonald's has said it will take legal action against franchising franchise owners.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Paul Cowan has announced his retirement from the club.
In the wake of the London terror attacks, Tony Blair was in the middle of a major overhaul of the UK's security policy.
Swansea City's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premier League suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Crystal Palace.
The owners of Bradford Bulls have said they will continue to hold talks with the club until the end of the season.
Human remains found at the home of Louise Tiffney have been confirmed as those of her body.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Graeme McDowell share the lead after the final round of the South African Open in Johannesburg.
The US President-elect Donald Trump has announced his intention to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.
A baker has become the first woman to win the world's largest cake competition.
The EU and Turkey have agreed a deal to resettle more than 1.5 million refugees and migrants from the Greek island of Lesbos.
The Department of Justice has paid compensation to victims of sectarian violence at a former Catholic school in north Belfast.
A German edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf has been published for the first time.
A new school has reopened after a water main burst.
Mae'r Caerdydd wedi cael ei gael yn ôl wedi gael ei ddydd yn cael yn ei'r cyhoeddiad.
Championship club Corinthians have rejected a bid from Manchester City for the Brazilian striker Carlos Tevez.
It has been a year since the death of a French singer.
Mae'r Gerwyn Cymru wedi ddyddiol ar S4C wedi cael ei'r Tour de France.
Police are investigating the murder of a man who was found dead in a flat in Londonderry.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 70th anniversary of the Japanese naval attack on Pearl Harbor.
The governing body of the UCI says it will investigate allegations of racial abuse during the opening stage of the Tour de France.
Thousands of students in England and Wales are being sold fake medicines to help them sleep better, a drugs watchdog has said.
The European Union has agreed to send more than 1,000 troops to the Central African Republic (CAR).
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United striker Alex Clarkson on a season-long loan deal.
Valencia suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Atletico Madrid.
The Wales women's hockey team have arrived in France for their Euro 2016 warm-up match.
Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester United will be streamed live on social media.
Egyptians have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a new constitution.
A light aircraft has crashed in the Yangtze river in Myanmar, killing all 224 people on board, state media report.
A man has been found guilty of trying to smuggle counterfeit medicines into the UK.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the News Letter takes a look at some of the latest headlines.
It's the time of year when people celebrate the start of the new year.
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car.
Two lion cubs have been playing in a safari park in Mexico.
The fate of one of Scotland's most famous battlefields has been decided.
Derry manager Jim Barton says he is "disappointed" by the reaction to Brendan Rogers' red card in Sunday's 1-1 draw with Derry.
Flood warnings have been issued by the Met Office for parts of England and Wales.
Pop star Snoop Dogg has been criticised for posting a video of himself holding a gun to President Donald Trump's head.
One of the world's largest floating wind farms has been installed in Norway.
World number one Dustin Johnson says his swing is "in good shape" after a three-under-par 65 at the North Carolina Open.
The New York Times has announced that its print edition will be published online for the first time.
The rouble has fallen to its lowest level against the dollar since the end of the financial crisis in 2008.
The Home Secretary Theresa May has called for tougher sentences for police officers.
Campaigners campaigning for the UK to remain in the European Union have warned of a "huge challenge" ahead of the referendum.
A man has been found guilty of robbing a post office in Glasgow.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder in Falkirk.
Championship side Ousmane Omeruo says he will miss the rest of the season because of a knee injury.
Two of the UK's most advanced warships are to be withdrawn from service, Defence Secretary James Fox has said.
The UK's economy has been hit by a sharp fall in the value of the pound, according to the EY Item Club.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Ryan Mason and Aston Villa defender Jack Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has accused the CBI of a "chaotic" "economic ruin" in the UK.
The former chief constable of the Republic of Ireland, John Callinan, has said he is "disappointed" by the findings of an independent review.
The number of people detained at Brook House detention centre in London has increased by more than a third, a report has found.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says his side are "proud" to have reached the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time.
Monty Python's Monty Python and the Flying Scotsman is in the final round of the Scottish Open at Royal Troon.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he will appeal against the Football Association's decision that he was sent off in Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final defeat by West Ham.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the M4.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says the club need to cut the number of players they have at the end of the season.
Children's mobile app Minecraft has been banned in the UK for the first time.
A man has been found guilty of trying to break into a man's home with a stolen car.
A study by consultancy PwC has found that students who come to Scotland from outside the EU spend more than £1bn a year on their education.
Derry secured their first win of the season as they came from behind to beat 10-man Harps.
The number of primary school places in England will rise by more than 50% in the next five years, the Local Government Association has said.
A new dual carriageway linking Cardiff and Cardiff has been officially opened.
Thousands of people have marched through the streets of the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to protest against President Hosni Mubarak's government.
Vicky McClure has apologised after being mistaken for her on a tram in Nottingham.
The mother of Lily Allen has accused her son of being a "serial stalker".
West Sussex's fire and ambulance services should co-operate, a senior councillor has said.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based firm is to invest more than £1m in a new factory.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked at a Glasgow nightclub.
The European Football Association (Uefa) has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Serbia FA and Uefa over alleged racist abuse during Euro 2016.
Oscar-winning actor Depp has filed a lawsuit against his creditors, accusing them of failing to pay his debts.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the director of cricket for the Indian Premier League (IPL).
A former Bishop of Caerphilly has said he does not support a ban on organ donation.
Sinn Féin leader Carwyn Jones has called for Wales to be part of the debate on devolution.
League Two side Dale United have signed defender Keith Hill on a season-long loan deal.
Scott Quigley's second-half equaliser earned Livingston victory over Livingston.
Surrey County Council has proposed a 15% rise in council tax.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called on the country's central bank to lift a ban on foreign banks operating in Somalia.
Dagenham & Redbridge's League Two play-off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Leyton Orient.
The number of people in the eurozone has risen to its highest level in more than a decade, official figures show.
The Russian navy says it has intercepted a Russian warship in the waters off the Syrian coast.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle boss Derek McInnes says he has no intention of leaving the club.
Glasgow and Glasgow have been crowned the UK's best restaurants for the Curry Cup competition.
Dancing with the Stars has topped the UK singles chart for the first time.
The Turkish-Syrian border has been closed for more than two years amid a fierce fighting between rebels and government forces.
Mexico's interior secretary, Fernando Blake Mora, has been killed in a helicopter crash, officials say.
On Sunday, voters in Kenya's capital, Nairobi, went to the polls for the first time.
Linfield and Linfield have agreed a date to play each other in the Champions League quarter-finals.
The runway at London's Heathrow Airport will be closed for more than two weeks as part of a major refurbishment.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the leg.
Carmen Beckford, who helped organise Bristol's St Paul's Carnival, has died at the age of 86.
Derby County have signed former Hull City striker Jack Davies on a season-long loan deal.
One of the world's most successful book clubs has been launched in London.
Former world number one Andy Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Nic Freeman on a two-year deal.
Burundi is one of the poorest countries in the world.
The chief executive of a mental health trust has said he wants to meet the families of patients who were treated like "animals".
Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan will not be available for Euro 2016, according to Motherwell boss Derek McInnes.
Merseyrail is to stage a second 24-hour strike in a row with the Rail Trades Union (RMT).
Thousands of people have attended a concert by Afghan singer Sara Sayeed in the Afghan capital, Kabul.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was stopped by a police car on the M4.
The London 2012 Cultural Olympiad was a "game changer" for the UK, according to a new report.
Swansea City midfielder Michael Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Jack Raggett scored twice as Doncaster Rovers beat Tranmere Rovers to reach the League Two play-offs.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Friday, with Wal-Mart leading the way.
More than 1,000 potholes have been repaired in Northumberland, the county council has said.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in Essex.
A man has been arrested after a group of naked nudists was shot in the thigh at a beach in northern Italy.
In our series of letters from African and Asian journalists, we look at some of the best quotes from the week.
A former Welsh rugby player has abandoned his attempt to climb Mount Everest.
Tens of thousands of people have protested in Egypt's capital, Cairo, against President Hosni Mubarak's sacking.
Shares in Sports Direct have fallen more than 10% after the firm warned it could be hit by a sharp drop in the value of the pound.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has taken to the track to test his car for the first time.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been appointed as a commentator on the US presidential inauguration.
The Royal College of Surgeons has called for urgent action to cut the number of patients waiting for heart surgery in Wales.
A Muslim cleric has been accused of sexually abusing children at a mosque in Cardiff.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the second round of the Australian Open with a straight-set victory over Romania's Maria Sakkari.
China's Zheng He, one of the world's most famous seafarers, has died at the age of 90.
Wales scrum-half Oliver Griffiths could be offered a new deal by the British and Irish Lions, says head coach Eddie Jones.
The British Grand Prix will not be held at Silverstone next year, the governing body has said.
A desk used by author Charles Dickens has been sold for more than £1m.
A court in Egypt has suspended the country's constitutional assembly, saying it is not fit for purpose.
Football's governing body has approved a new law banning the use of "no-words" in the game.
Somerset's all-rounder Toss Toner says he used to be a bit of a porker when he was growing up.
The European Commission has said it is considering legal action against Apple over alleged tax avoidance.
Great Britain's women's hockey team have been named in the squad for the Rio Olympics.
Millions of pounds of funding has been announced for regeneration projects in north Wales.
MPs are to set up a new online platform for people to submit e-letters to Parliament.
For decades, Dr Robert Venter has been the world's leading geneticist.
Patients at a Cornwall hospital are being urged to avoid unnecessary waiting times because of a "black alert".
Great Britain beat Japan to reach the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
Theresa May's announcement that the UK will vote to leave the European Union is a huge blow to the EU.
A man and his wife have appeared in court accused of raping and sexually assaulting a woman at a County Tyrone prison.
A new £1m fund to help North Sea oil and gas workers prepare for job losses has been announced.
Plans for a new cycle park in Pembrokeshire have been announced.
A man has been arrested after a cash machine was stolen from a Tesco supermarket in Hertfordshire.
Celtic's chief executive has said he is "very pleased" that the company has agreed to pay for restoration work at two of its former mines.
Mae Cymru wedi dweud yn ôl yn ddydd yn cael ei cael ar â'r yn ei ddyd yn yn mewn yng Nghymru.
Jose Mourinho's reign as Manchester United manager ended with victory over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge.
It's been a year since the cast of Skins hit the big screen.
Police Scotland has defended its use of firearms in the face of criticism from MSPs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we take a look at what is happening in the world of finance.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with rape after a girl was allegedly raped in a park.
Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF) has announced the opening of a new film by Robert Carlyle.
A female osprey has laid her first egg at a Scottish wildlife reserve.
Britain should remain in the European Union, the country's prime minister has said.
Oil giant BP has warned that the world's energy needs are at an all-time low.
A coroner has called for a national standard of infant cremation in Shropshire.
England captain Tuilagi could miss the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury, says head coach Stuart Lancaster.
Moldova's main opposition candidate has won the first round of the country's presidential election.
Carlisle United manager Paul Curle says he wants to remain at the club beyond the end of the season.
Gwynwyn councillors have voted to change the spelling of a seaside village in Gwynedd.
A British backpacker who went missing in Thailand has been found safe and well, her family has said.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway in Cardiff.
Wales' Labour leader Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "toxic rhetoric" over immigration.
The head of the University of Londonderry has called for a radical rethink of the way the university is run.
Dog walkers in a seaside town have been banned from carrying up to five dogs in a single pack.
An inquiry into allegations of child sexual abuse at the former Kincora Boys' Home in County Antrim has been launched.
The bodies of three British tourists missing in the earthquake in Nepal have been found at Manchester Airport.
Wales' women's hockey team have been promoted to the European Hockey League, says head coach Paul Clements.
Michael MacNiallais scored twice as Donegal beat Fermanagh 3-1 to reach the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
Derby County manager Jurgen Jokanovic says the striker will not leave the club.
Uganda's largest gold mine, Mubende, has been shut down for more than a year.
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned his pledge to create a budget surplus by 2020.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has been sworn in as a member of the organisation's executive committee for the first time.
Three men have been jailed for beating a Polish man to death in a "brutal" attack.
Hull FC will face Huddersfield Giants in the semi-finals of the Super League Challenge Cup.
A record number of taxi and private hire car licences have been issued in Scotland, new figures show.
Comedian John Cleese's Allequins tour has been described as a "fizz show" by critics.
Nottingham Forest have completed the signing of former Cardiff City striker David Machedached on a season-long loan.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at the dangers of human trafficking.
A Scottish photographer has captured a spectacular display of the spectacular Aurora Borealis.
A police officer who stole more than Â£13,000 from passengers at London's Heathrow Airport has been jailed for five years.
Thousands of runners have taken part in a marathon in Hong Kong for the first time.
A packaging firm has announced it is to close its Pontypridd distribution centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at some of the key challenges facing education in Africa.
A woman who stole more than £20,000 from her mother's bank account has been jailed for three years.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by strong economic data from the US.
In our series of letters from Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt, the BBC looks at the number of nurses working in England and Wales.
Hundreds of people in Londonderry have spoken of their shock at the loss of their jobs.
Mobile phone firm Three has announced plans to scrap roaming charges in the rest of the world.
Police investigating the deaths of a British woman and a British man in Thailand say they have found no match.
Former Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said he will not run for the Conservative leadership of the UK.
Zambia is one of the poorest countries in the world.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car in west London have paid tribute to him.
It's not every day you go to a chocolate shop and buy a packet of chocolate.
The body of Osama Bin Laden, who was shot dead by US forces in Afghanistan in 2011, has been buried at sea.
(Close): Mining shares led the FTSE 100 higher, with miners leading the way.
A County Antrim farmer has appeared in court charged with tax evasion.
Small businesses in the UK will be able to pay more in corporation tax for the first time, the chancellor has announced.
Cardiff Blues scrum-half Rhys Cuthbert could miss Wales' Six Nations opener against Scarlets on Saturday.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Human DNA has been found in the remains of a 13-year-old girl whose body was found in a canal.
Swansea City goalkeeper Luke McGinty has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Great Britain's Adam Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a training accident.
Violent clashes have broken out between Palestinians and Israeli security forces at the Temple Mount mosque in Jerusalem.
Google has filed a lawsuit in Italy against the country's tax authorities over alleged tax evasion.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has said it is "disappointed" that plans to introduce a 24-hour waiting time for drivers in London have been rejected.
Britain's Cadel Evans became the first man to win the Tour de France with victory in the final stage.
Fifteen children have been detained by the Nigerian army in northern Borno state, the UN says.
Great Britain's Hannah Murray has qualified for the semi-finals of the European Para-athletics Championships.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has announced a new scheme to help car buyers who are affected by the government shutdown.
A photographer has called for Taylor Swift to stop using her music for free.
A father has raised more than £1,000 for a crowdfunding campaign to raise money for his son's school fees.
A judge in the US state of Virginia has refused to issue marriage licences to same-sex couples.
Ukraine is one of the world's most successful countries.
The Independent Police Ombudsman (IPO) has been suspended by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland (PFNI).
The number of school patrollers in Scotland has fallen sharply, according to new figures.
Japan's Nikkei index has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years, after the yen strengthened against the dollar.
Transport for London (TfL) has announced that its fares will be frozen for the rest of the year.
Scottish Labour leader Alex Salmond has said he does not support the idea of a currency independence referendum.
One of the world's most valuable opal finds has gone on display for the first time.
The discovery of human remains on a seabed in Kent has sparked a huge debate.
Schools across the UK are celebrating News Day.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has called for the defence secretary to review his comments about the Trident nuclear deterrent.
Victoria's Secret has appointed Edward Enninful as its new fashion editor.
One of the world's most powerful food machines, the e-Delicious, has been unveiled in Bangkok.
The use of physical punishment in children in Scotland has fallen for the first time in more than a decade, according to a new study.
Plymouth Argyle head coach Paul Paver says he has spoken to scrum-half Sam Chapman about his future.
Newcastle United suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Aston Villa.
Celtic chairman Ian Warburton has said he is "very interested" in succeeding former England manager Brendan Rodgers as manager.
The mother of a transgender woman who died at a mental health unit has said she wrote a letter saying she wanted to die.
Thailand has been removed from the International Civil Aviation Organization's (ICAO) list of the world's most dangerous countries.
Reactions to the new Ghostbusters film have been mixed.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Household landlords in England and Wales will have to pay a 5% stamp duty surcharge to buy-to-let properties, the government has announced.
A large fire has broken out on the M74 in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Jurassic World theme park has been awarded a £1m grant from the Natural Heritage Lottery Fund.
The Isle of Man has called for an independent investigation into the Skelafield nuclear waste reprocessing plant.
Bournemouth boosted their Premier League survival hopes with a comfortable victory over Stoke at Vicarage Road.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a farmer more than 20 years ago has called for his case to be investigated.
Oldham Athletic have offered free tickets to their League Two game against Brentford.
The French ambassador to India has been arrested in the Indian city of Bangalore, police say.
Laura Trott won her second gold of the World Para-cycling Championships with victory in the women's team sprint.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a police officer.
US air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants have been carried out in Syria, the Pentagon says.
A man who shone a laser beam at a helicopter that crashed in the Highlands has been jailed for eight years.
China's exports rose more than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official data.
LeBron James became the NBA's all-time leading scorer as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Atlanta Hawks to set a new NBA record.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two girls at his home.
A film has been made about the Nazi assassination of Czech resistance leader Heinrich Heydrich.
A chronology of key events:
Four Australian swimmers have admitted taking an anti-depressant drug, Stilnox, during the Rio Olympics.
The funeral of Coronation Street creator David Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral.
Fiji is one of the world's smallest countries, with a population of about 1.5 million.
Scottish Prime Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "deeply sorry" for the "shambles" caused by a deal between two Chinese companies.
A rare peregrine falcon has been found dead in Ceredigion.
Scottish Prime Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited the European Economic and Trade Authority (EFTA).
Eleven hunger strikers have been banned from voting in local elections in Russia after failing to register to vote.
Hampshire took control of the first day of the One-Day Cup against Somerset at Chester-le-Street.
South Africa's parliament has voted to make Christmas Day and Eid al-Fitr a national holiday.
Three men have been arrested after a Christmas angel was stolen from a North Lanarkshire church.
Nigeria's main opposition party has lost control of five of the country's most populous states.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium in Liverpool.
Carlos Tevez has signed a new three-year deal with Chinese club Shanghai SIPG.
A court has been given the go-ahead to ban a man from wearing a full-face shirt in public places.
A foundation set up by the founder of Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has raised more than £1m to help the school rebuild.
Carlos Bono scored twice as Wolves beat Middlesbrough to reach the third round of the EFL Cup.
Bristol head coach Mark Robinson has been sacked by the Premiership club.
Mae'r cyfarwyddwn i ennill yn ddyfarnu'r gydaen Dydd Sadwrn Cymro.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at how cloud computing works.
A decade ago, Iceland was one of the world's largest economies.
The Duke of Cambridge has visited Anglesey for the first time.
Three Mexican journalists have been shot dead in the past week.
Chinese restaurant chain Yum Brands has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
Northern Ireland has been selected to represent Great Britain at the 2016 Commonwealth Youth Games.
The US House of Representatives has voted to repeal President Donald Trump's signature healthcare law.
The news that George and Amal Clooney have given birth to their first children has been trending on social media.
An advert for a charity that helps victims of the Iraq fire has been published online.
Hampshire Prison has been rated "inadequate" in terms of tackling violence, a report has found.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York has filed a lawsuit against the city.
Democratic presidential hopefuls Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have hit out at each other.
Alloa Athletic have signed Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Paul Ross until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he has no problem with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City midfielder Alfie Mawson is at a "very good age", says manager Paul Clement.
Campaigners have called for a consultation on plans to build a quarry on ancient woodland in Maidstone.
Boggy snorkelling is to be held in Powys for the first time, the Welsh government has announced.
Former NFL player Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting a woman in Texas.
Scotland's first minister has ruled out a second independence referendum in 2017.
A former police officer has told the inquests he was asked to change his statement about the Hillsborough disaster.
The chairman of Avon Fire and Rescue has called for an independent inquiry into claims of "serious failings" by the authority.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Friday after the Chinese government temporarily suspended trading in the country.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the pace in second practice for the Chinese Grand Prix, ahead of Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
The chief executive of the Forth Road Bridge has said he is confident it will be fully operational by the end of the year.
A hospital in Southend has been placed under special measures after a £1.5m overspend.
Two packets of cigarettes have been found in a Dorset car park.
Comedian Toksvsvig has said she would like to see more female hosts on quiz shows.
A Scottish man who died in a helicopter crash on the island of Bergen has been named.
The number of people living in five Borders towns has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic violence in England and Wales are being urged to work together to tackle the problem.
Ospreys scrum-half Keiron Amos has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Anthony Joshua's fight with Wladimir Klitschko is not over, says former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury.
Blackpool Supporters' Trust has been accused of defaming the club.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a car he was driving crashed into a tree.
Derry's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Mayo.
Kilmarnock manager Steve Clark has praised Stevie Smith's recovery from a serious knee injury.
Chaz Rea became the first British rider to win the WSBW World Championship with victory at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Independent schools in England are more likely to get special measures than state-run schools, according to official figures.
Super League side London Broncos have held their first pre-season training camp since the end of last season.
Doncaster Rovers maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a comfortable victory over Stevenage.
A Nepalese footballer has been trying to get citizenship for more than eight years.
Castleford suffered their first Super League defeat of the season as they lost to Super League side St Helens.
Manchester United's final game of the season ended in defeat by West Ham at Old Trafford.
The Grand Depart de France has been named as the world's most prestigious cycling event.
A health board has called for urgent action to improve care for elderly patients at a hospital in Edinburgh.
Five men have been charged with running brothels in Nottinghamshire.
A former Guatemalan army chief has been shot dead by gunmen in his car, officials say.
The co-creator of Rocky, the Oscar-winning Rocky film, has died at the age of 83.
A minute's silence has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the 1966 World Cup final.
The mayor of London has announced plans to set up a dedicated anti-hate crime hub in the city.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at how you can use your Raspberry Pi to connect to the internet.
Carlos Carlsberg, the world's biggest brewer, has warned of a "challenging" second half of the year.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have made a "significant" visit to Greece, his mother has said.
Drivers in the UK are facing a 24-hour strike over changes to the way they take their drivers' licences.
Carlisle United's hopes of reaching the League Two play-offs were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by Cambridge.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in West Midlands.
The owners of Manston Airport have launched a legal challenge to the government's decision not to sell the airport.
At a hospital in the Central African Republic's capital, Bangui, a nurse and her two sons are being treated for gunshot wounds.
Welsh middleweight champion Chris Froch says he would like to fight a world champion for the first time.
The MP for Colchester, David Quince, has accused the West End of failing to support the arts.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, forecasters say.
A bill to devolve powers to Scotland and Wales has been given the go-ahead by the Queen.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors.
Three men have been found guilty of conspiring to smuggle heroin worth more than £1m into the M4.
More than half of Scots say they are unable to afford food because of debt, a survey has found.
The number of unaccompanied children in Kent has more than doubled in the last five years, a council has said.
Harlequins and England players should be recognised for their contribution to the game, says the club's chief executive.
A man has been jailed for running a cannabis business for more than three years.
A venomous snake has escaped from a Florida beach in the US state of Florida.
Glenavon have been given a three-match ban by the Football Association of Northern Ireland (FAI).
Two men have died after a light aircraft crashed in a field.
Nottinghamshire suffered their first defeat of the Division Two season as they were held to a one-run defeat by Kent.
Three Egyptian journalists have appeared in court in Cairo accused of supporting the so-called Islamic State (IS).
A British man has filed a legal challenge to the UK government's rendition of him and his wife.
A woman who lost her father to cancer has said she is "devastated" she has not been able to get her passport back.
A man has been found guilty of stabbing a Muslim man to death on a London Underground train.
Flood warnings have been issued for parts of the Highlands and Islands.
The Welsh government has said it is "deeply concerned" about plans to cut production in the UK.
The Beatles have broken the record for the most chart-topping singles of all time.
Liam Hutchinson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a crash on the opening day of the Liverpool TT.
Theresa May has announced that her daughter, Princess Leia Warsi, has quit the government.
World number one Novak Djokovic has been knocked out of the men's singles at the Rogers Cup in Canada.
A former Italian intelligence officer has been extradited to the United States to face charges of torture, officials say.
Former world number one Mark Milkins says he was forced to withdraw from the World Championship because of the pressure he was under at the time.
Dozens of people have been searched in Dublin as part of an investigation into the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A football stadium has been given the go-ahead by the Football Association of Wales (FAW).
Plans for a new home for one of the world's oldest ships have been put on hold.
Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been charged with assaulting a woman in Florida.
Two men have been found guilty of causing the death of a man who was crushed to death by a lorry.
The number of unlicensed homes in Southampton has risen to more than 1,000, a council has said.
Taiwan's largest hospital has launched a robot that can communicate with patients.
The number of terminally ill patients in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to new figures.
A former soldier has called for a march by ex-soldiers to be held in Derry to mark the anniversary of the Bloody Sunday massacre.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country.
Nigeria's National Football Association (NFA) has failed to reach an agreement with the country's national football federation (NFF).
Human remains have been found at a house in Perthshire.
Oldham Athletic chairman Paul Robinson says he expects the club's transfer embargo to be lifted by the end of the season.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a lorry crashed into a house.
Ronnie O'Neill's Northern Ireland side came from behind to beat Norway 1-0 at Windsor Park.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Moscow.
A 19-year-old man has been shot dead at a party in Surrey.
Prime Minister David Cameron has signed a new deal with the European Union, paving the way for the UK to remain in the bloc.
A youth travel scheme in Wales has been scrapped, the Welsh Government has announced.
A former oil and gas executive who embezzled more than £1m has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Aberdeen-based oil and gas firm Aker has announced it is to cut 1,000 jobs.
Online sellers could be targeted as part of a crackdown on the so-called "dark web".
Haul hauls are one of the world's most famous hauls.
One of Japan's most popular songs has gone viral on social media.
A rugby player who died after collapsing during a match has been named as Lily Partridge.
Leicester maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a hard-fought victory over Southampton.
When Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant first started photographing graffiti in New York in the 1970s, it was the beginning of a new era of graffiti art.
Six people have been charged with disorder at the Euro 2016 semi-final between Lithuania and England.
Newport County chairman Rob Foxall has said the club's lease to Rodney Parade has been given the go ahead.
Former world number one Ian Lawrie says he will retire from golf at the end of the year.
A man has been jailed for three years for posting indecent images of four women on a dating website.
Ireland's ambassador to the United States has said he is concerned that the film The Quiet Man is being used as a propaganda tool.
Three men have been jailed after being found guilty of growing cannabis at a Newport factory.
A prominent Italian businessman has been shot dead in Melbourne, police say.
Manchester Police has said it is investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens prop Matt Flower.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has called for the closure of offshore detention centres for asylum seekers.
A disabled man who was stopped by police on a motorway has been given a mobility scooter.
Italian football legend Gianni Infantino has celebrated his 90th birthday in South Sudan.
Plymouth Argyle defender Shay Logan has signed a new three-year deal with manager Derek McInnes.
A minute's silence has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the start of World War One.
Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account.
The world's largest consumer electronics group, the OLPC, has received more than $1m (Â£1m) in funding from the US government.
The US Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has approved new rules that allow car owners to modify parts of their vehicles.
Jason Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a heart attack at the PGA Championship in Florida.
England beat Australia by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20.
The price of oil has fallen for the second day in a row following a decision by the world's biggest oil producers to cut output.
One of Northern Ireland's most famous buildings, the Solo Solo, has been sold to a private equity firm.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and US President Barack Obama are due to meet in Washington later.
World number one Jason Day shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the PGA Championship in Florida.
On the outskirts of the city of Malakal, in the heart of the rebel-held north-eastern region of South Sudan, is a small village.
A woman who survived acid attacks more than 20 years ago has been named in the BBC's 100 Women series.
The deaths of a pensioner and his wife in Ballymena have been ruled out as carbon monoxide poisoning, police have said.
For the first time since the general election, Theresa May has said that she will not resign.
The Scottish government is to set out plans to increase the number of nurses and midwives working in Scotland.
Ukraine's far-right National Front (NUF) party has been accused of being part of a neo-Nazi conspiracy.
Greece has failed to reach a deal to resolve its debt crisis, the European Commission has said.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia has been diagnosed with the disease for the first time, doctors say.
Dog owners in Wrexham should be banned from playing on public spaces, the RSPCA has said.
A woman and a man have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a minibus and minibus in Bangor.
Michael Carson's first-half equaliser earned Hartlepool victory over Portsmouth in League Two.
A sea turtle that washed up on a beach in Londonderry has been rescued.
Rohit Singh, a 10-year-old boy from the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, has been collecting coins from the river bank for more than a year.
A bill to lower the drink-drive limit in England and Wales has been passed by the House of Lords.
The bodies of Sian Blake and her two sons have been found at her home, police have confirmed.
Motherwell striker Alex Pearson has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A six-year-old girl who had a heart transplant has been reunited with her mother.
Former Dallas Cowboys player Jessica Welter has been appointed as the team's new head coach.
Plans for a UK exit from the European Union should be scrapped, a leading Welsh politician has said.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has denied that $400m (£400m) worth of US hostages were held in Iran last year.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was stabbed to death with a chainsaw.
A former DUP adviser has said he had no involvement in the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme.
The mayor of the French city of Paris has said she will sue Fox News over its depiction of her city.
Members of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee have voted to keep interest rates at a record low.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he is relishing the challenge of playing against West Indies in the World Twenty20.
Labour's campaign to stay in the European Union is "not sustainable", the party's deputy leader has said.
Plans for a new student accommodation park at the University of Bognor Regis have been approved.
Joey Farrell scored a hat-trick as Saracens beat Oyonnax to reach the quarter-finals of the Champions Cup.
A man who tried to stop a police car during a police chase has been jailed for four years.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Angelina Jolie has been named the most influential woman in the world by the BBC's Woman's Hour Power List 2015.
Ten years ago, Paul Choe, the founder of a Singapore-based luxury hotel chain, was in the middle of a financial crisis.
Derby County maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Brentford.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Steve Blair says the club's players are ready to sign new contracts.
Double Paralympic champion Jessica Ennis has given birth to a baby boy.
A canoe that had been stranded on the M4 for more than a week has finally been found.
Huddersfield Town defender Sam Allardyce has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero says he will continue to improve despite criticism from fans.
Snow and ice have caused travel chaos across parts of England and Wales.
Archaeologists in Germany say they have discovered human remains dating back more than 1,000 years.
The parents of a man who was seriously injured in a fire at a primary school in County Armagh have said they are "devastated" by the ordeal.
US airlines Delta and United Airlines have banned the importation of trophies of Cecil the lion.
London's rugby league club needs to become a "national club", according to the club's chief executive.
A summit of EU leaders has been held in Brussels to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis.
A Birmingham police officer has been arrested after a hoax bomb threat was made online.
At least eight people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a parade in New Orleans.
O'Grady has been asked to visit Southend, a seaside resort in Essex.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the challenges facing the food industry.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, US President Barack Obama looks at some of the most important economic statistics of his presidency.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he does not support the idea of assisted dying.
The number of Monarch flights cancelled in the wake of the London terror attacks has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, the airline has said.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a teenager in a Dumfries village.
Shares in electric car maker Tesla have jumped more than 20% after the company reported a sharp rise in quarterly profits.
It was the most successful marriage in Hollywood history.
Bristol fly-half Luke Scourt has signed a new two-year deal with the Premiership club.
A primary school in north-west England has banned children from playing conkers.
Northern Ireland's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to a new report.
The mother of a nine-year-old boy shot dead by a police officer in south London has called for an independent inquiry into his death.
At least 20 people have been killed in a shooting at a factory in the Swiss city of Zurich, prosecutors say.
Plans to build a giant dragon tower at the former Wrexham steelworks have been given the go-ahead.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says the club's relegation from the Premier League is "embarrassing".
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused as a child in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called for a "spiritual revolution" in the Roman Catholic Church.
A court in the Chinese city of Xinjiang has opened the trial of a leading Uighur academic accused of inciting violence.
The Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, has become the first person to become a member of Team GB at the Olympics.
Reading suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Fulham.
The Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Italy has been postponed because of a lorry crash.
Middlesbrough boss Derek Agnew says his side were "too clinical" in their 2-1 defeat by Burnley.
At least 20 people have been killed in a shootout between Mexican police and drug cartels, officials say.
A school that offers A-level A-levels to all its pupils could be forced to close.
The Lion King has been added to the list of films to be preserved at the National Library of Congress.
At least 20 people have died after a church collapsed in the Nigerian city of Oyo, killing at least 19 people, local media report.
England all-rounder Moeen Ali says he will not be intimidated by the West Indies in the first two Tests of the tour.
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused by a former equerry.
Ireland beat Afghanistan by eight wickets in a one-day international in Delhi.
Nottingham Forest have agreed a deal to sign striker Adam Assombalonga until the end of the season.
A 13-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a knife attack at a primary school.
Raith Rovers were held to a draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says he would like to see amateur boxers compete against professional boxers.
A minute's silence has been held to mark the centenary of Anzac Day.
The US President-elect Donald Trump has imposed new sanctions on Iran.
The number of students taking GCSEs in England and Wales has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to Ofqual.
Plans for a new rail franchise have been put forward by the government.
Six people have been rescued after a lifeboat capsized at Torbay harbour.
Two leading human rights groups have called for the remit of an inquiry into historical child abuse to be extended.
US chipmaker Intel has reported a sharp fall in quarterly profits.
The UK will visit Indonesia and Indonesia to discuss the fight against terrorism, the prime minister has said.
Airbus has been given more than £1m to improve its training facilities in Wales.
A mother who sent a letter to her three-year-old son in a supermarket has said she is "overwhelmed" by the response.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
A new maternity unit at Caithness Hospital in Inverness has been announced.
The introduction of a new school curriculum in Scotland has been criticised as "shambolic".
A letter written by the Queen has sold for more than £1m at auction.
In the early 1990s, Joanna Wood was a student at a school in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Plans for a third runway at Heathrow Airport could increase air pollution, according to a study.
The Flemish Tennis Federation (FTF) says it is "confident" that the Davis Cup final will be held in Belgium.
A passenger bus has crashed into a minibus in the centre of Ghana's capital, Accra.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man whose body was found in his flat.
Nicola Sugden has been a member of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) since 2012.
League Two side Rochdale boss Paul Clarke says he does not fear the takeover of the League Two club.
One of Japan's biggest companies, Dentsu, has been charged with unpaid overtime.
Premier League leaders Manchester City and Huddersfield Town have both been relegated to the Premier League for the first time.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and writer Adaobi Nwaubani looks at some of the challenges facing the country.
A man who died after falling from a bike has been named by police.
Crusacker has been given the go-ahead to race in the Champion Hurdle at Epsom on Saturday.
The UK's manufacturing sector has contracted for the third month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Gunmen have attacked a French restaurant in Mali's capital, Bamako, killing at least one person, officials say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has spoken to Steven Gerrard about his future.
Exeter City striker Jordan Morrison has signed a new three-year contract with the League Two club.
The number of spectators attending the UK's biggest sporting events rose to a record high in 2015, according to Deloitte.
A dentist has been sacked after being found guilty of assaulting a woman with dental implants in Hungary.
Costa Cruises captain Mario Schettino has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the sinking of the Costa Concordia.
It's been a busy year for British gymnastics.
Wales' Jade Johns says she would like to see Jade Jones become a world champion in taekwondo.
All photographs are copyrighted.
Lancashire batsman Ben Wells has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
A rail operator has announced plans to double the number of trains it operates between Cardiff and Rhondda.
Lenovo has unveiled its first modular smartphone, the Moto Z.
Thousands of Latvians have marched through the capital Latvian capital, Riga, to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Flood warnings have been issued for parts of Ceredigion and Denbighshire.
Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Cunha has been arrested on suspicion of corruption.
Actor Sir Roger Moore's latest film, Turning Point, has gone on show in Cardiff for the first time.
The UK government's response to Theresa May's Brexit letter has been criticised by a Welsh MP.
British troops will be sent to Somalia to help fight so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Burnley boss Eddie Howe has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A man has been fined £10,000 after a worker died when his diesel engine failed.
Welsh MPs should be allowed to vote on English-speaking issues in the House of Commons, a Welsh MP has said.
Police searching for dissident republicans in Northern Ireland say they have found a "significant" cache of weapons.
At least 19 people have been killed in a suspected gas explosion in north-eastern Nigeria.
A chronology of key events:
Burnley captain Chris Vokes says his side's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup in Russia have improved.
Former NFL star OJ Simpson is due to appear in court in Las Vegas for the first time since he was convicted of the 1995 murder of his ex-wife.
Former Kilmarnock striker Sammon has signed a new three-year contract with Hearts.
Cyclist Andreas Kreuziger has been cleared to compete in the Tour de France after being cleared of doping.
The family of a man murdered by the so-called Stakeknife gang in Northern Ireland more than 20 years ago have called for an inquiry into his murder.
A farmer has said he was "disappointed" to see a photograph of him eating organic vegetables being sold at Tesco.
When India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi met Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in the Indian capital, Delhi, it was a huge moment for the social network.
Zambian side Zamalek have appointed former Rangers and Rangers midfielder David Maelo as their new head coach.
Ethiopia has been accused of human rights violations by the UN human rights body, the UN Human Rights Committee.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video emerged showing him punching a bus passenger in the face.
Oscar-winning actress Helen Rees has died at the age of 83.
Campaigners have called for the introduction of district heating in Scotland.
People who refuse to take their rubbish to the bin should be told to do so again, a council has said.
The family of a veterinary nurse who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to her.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the challenges facing the world's most famous tourist destinations.
A music festival has been cancelled due to "severe" winds.
Rising Pune Supergiants will begin their defence of their title with a three-match series against Delhi Daredevils.
Google has become the first company in the world to use artificial intelligence (AI) to control its balloons.
Plans for a new munitions depot in Donnington have been submitted to the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said it has made a record number of arrests in Northern Ireland.
The parents of two children who were killed by their mother in Caerphilly county have told an inquest they had "no plan B".
A man's body has been found in a block of flats in Glasgow.
The UK's exit from the European Union would reduce the number of skilled workers coming to the UK, a think tank has said.
A High Court judge has ruled that the government does not have to comply with EU rules on air quality.
Serial killer Syed Rizzoli has been allowed to return to court for the first time in more than a decade.
Three gold coins have been found hidden in a garden in north-east England.
A man has been jailed for life for his role in the death of a diver who drowned in a lake.
A man has died following a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City striker Cristiano Ronaldo is the best striker in the Premier League, according to manager Paul Clement.
The Stormont Executive has been given the power to take control of the finances for the rest of the year.
The father of a three-year-old girl who has been detained in Iran for more than a year has said he is hoping to be reunited with her.
Scientists in California say they have successfully created a human-like pancreas.
Zimbabwe's President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to violence in the country's capital, Addis Ababa.
The author of To Kill a Mockingbird has told the BBC that she did not write the book.
Christmas lights in Caerphilly have been switched off for the first time in more than a year.
Championship side Marseille have confirmed they are in talks to sell the club.
Sir Chris Hoy has been chosen as Team GB's flag bearer at the opening ceremony of the Rio Olympics.
A 13-year-old girl who was abused by her father in Saudi Arabia is to be allowed to return to England, a High Court judge has ruled.
Mae'r Cymru wedi ddydd yn ôl wedi cael ei gael yn cael oed ei ddyd yn ddydydd.
MPs in England, Wales and Northern Ireland will be able to vote in the House of Commons under plans being considered by the government.
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education, according to a study by the University of Hong Kong.
In the wake of the Northern Ireland Renewable Heat Incentive (NHI) scandal, there has been a growing sense of unease in Northern Ireland.
Plans to expand Oxford's Oxford Square have been given the go-ahead.
Gay rights activists in the Russian republic of Chechnya say they are investigating reports that gay people are being tortured in a detention centre.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg says he expects a "good weekend" from his team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
Russia has become the first country in the world to ban the use of private internet services.
Spanish police say they have arrested a group of Chinese nationals suspected of fraudulently pretending to work in the textile industry.
Four people have been killed in a gun attack on a train in Berlin, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere has said.
Nottingham Forest manager Paul Davies says he would like to return to the Premier League.
Mo Farah became the first British athlete to win 10,000m and 10,500m titles in the same year.
David Cameron's wife, Jill, has said her son's death has changed her life.
Police are warning people to be vigilant after a series of phone scams in Stranraer.
The former head of the Catholic Church in Northern Ireland, Fr Alec Reid, has died.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola says his side's Champions League quarter-final win over Porto was a "massive achievement".
Farmers in Wales are calling for a radical shake-up of the way they buy and sell milk.
Three people who died in a car crash have been named.
Fifa's anti-racism committee has voted in favour of new measures to tackle racism.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager.
A body has been found at a house fire in Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual offences.
New Zealand's Gregor Owens says he has no plans to return to refereeing for the World Cup.
Three Israeli men have been charged with the murder of a Palestinian man who was shot in the head in the occupied West Bank.
Real Madrid striker Diafra Sakho has been named in Brazil's squad for the 2018 World Cup.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time with victory over Birmingham City.
Mae Cymru wedi dyfarnu ar gyfer yn ddyddarach eleni.
Scotland's Police and Crime Agency (SPA) has said it is "very concerned" about the closure of a police and crime prevention centre.
A man has appeared in court accused of striking a doctor in the face with a razor blade.
Two Welsh AMs have called for a ban on rent-to-rent fees.
A new set of guidelines for cosmetic surgery has been published.
Championship side Blackburn Rovers were held to a goalless draw by Arsenal in the first round of the FA Cup.
Howler monkeys have a much bigger vocal tract than other animals, a study suggests.
Welsh Labour MP Jo Rees has been appointed shadow shadow home secretary by Jeremy Corbyn.
A Romanian man has pleaded guilty to hacking into former US President Barack Obama's private email account.
Plans for a truck stunt in Cardiff city centre have been approved by councillors.
The chairwoman of the independent inquiry into child abuse in Scotland has said she wants the inquiry to be extended until the end of the year.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has said he fears for his life after being attacked by a shopkeeper.
The Welsh language education system needs to be improved, AMs have been told.
Three nurses have been banned from working in a Kent hospital after a patient suffered a brain tumour.
More than £10,000 has been donated to recycling centres in Surrey, the council has said.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, US Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said that the attacks in the French capital are a "wake-up call" for the country.
The trial of a US soldier accused of having post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is under way in Washington DC.
Sir John O'Dowd has been awarded honorary degrees from the University of Norwich.
A charity that helps people clean the beaches of the Isle of Man has been awarded £1m by the government.
Andy Ward beat John Isner in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
A huge underwater forest has been discovered in the Northumberland.
An 18-year-old man has admitted stealing heroin worth more than £20,000 from a prison in Dundee.
Students at Cardiff University have been evacuated from a campus following a controlled explosion.
Macau has reported record revenues for the first time in more than a decade, according to official figures.
A new exhibition of art by Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has opened in Athens.
A former senior civil servant has been invited to give evidence to MPs about the Iraq Inquiry into the removal of Saddam Hussein.
Mae'r ddefnyddio Taser yn ymwybodol yn gorffennol o adegau eraill wedi cael ei gyda Taser.
The pound has fallen to an all-time low against the dollar since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Policymakers should be given greater powers to protect whistleblowers, a parliamentary committee has said.
Sydney's Opera House has switched off its lights for the first time as part of the city's annual Night of Lights campaign.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of North Korean student Otto Warmbier.
World number one Mark Maguire says he has no idea why he missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the World Championship.
Germany's far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party has won a key regional election.
More than one in five people in the world is a smoker, according to a report by the World Health Organization.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said he is "disappointed" with the way the sport is run.
Tata Steel has been fined £10,000 after a worker was exposed to a toxic chemical.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is to meet the prime minister to discuss a possible deal to restore power-sharing after the Grenfell Tower fire.
A senior Afghan Taliban commander, Mullah Mullah Mansour, has been shot dead in the capital, Kabul, officials say.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer in Gloucestershire.
A man has been found dead at a house in Loughborough.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following the death of a man in Glasgow.
Tickets for Chester's FA Cup semi-final against Wrexham have been banned for the first time.
Championship side Fulham have signed former Germany midfielder Lukasz Klich on a season-long loan.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a paint attack on a Glasgow hall.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has said he is "devastated" that Ecuador has refused to allow him to leave its embassy in London.
The Syrian government has said it is ready to accept the terms of an end to the civil war.
Barnsley have signed Wrexham striker Dylan Jackson on a season-long loan deal.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) has confirmed that Algeria's men's team are missing the Rio Paralympics.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy against migrants trying to reach Europe.
Plans for a new tennis court have been submitted by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
Local authorities in England and Wales are failing to provide adequate accommodation for refugees, the National Audit Office (NAO) has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has signed a contract to send a satellite into orbit around the Sun.
Holyrood's new first minister has been sworn in.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Northern Ireland has continued to rise, according to official figures.
The men's and women's teams of Scotland's 1st VIII rowing team have taken to the water for the first time.
Nationwide has reported lower-than-expected pre-tax profits for the first half of the year.
A key piece of information has been found in the cockpit of a Russian military jet that crashed in Turkey last month, investigators say.
South Africa batsman Sean Dickson has signed a new three-year contract with Kent.
The mother of a boy who was crushed by a barbecue in Rotherham has said she is "devastated".
Labour's campaign to stay in the European Union has been criticised by the party's deputy leader.
A woman has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries after being attacked by a man.
Sepp Blatter's reign as president of the world's governing body has come to an end.
A sculpture has been erected at a Florida theme park to mark the death of a 10-year-old boy who was bitten by an alligator.
Former Home Secretary Michael Gove has said he would not have quit the Conservative Party if he had known it was in his best interests.
Scotland should remain a member of the European Union, the chief constable of Scotland's highest court has said.
Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan is to appear in court charged with causing the death of a man in a car crash in Mumbai last year.
More than 1,000 homes in one of the UK's biggest cities have been refused access to fibre optic broadband.
An Australian man who travelled to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State group has been sentenced to life in prison.
The British Medical Association (BMA) has called for a radical change to the way GPs deal with patients.
The number of whisky distilleries in Scotland has more than doubled in the last five years, according to a report.
Wales could lose out on a £1bn block grant from the UK government, a think tank has warned.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has promised to resume the search for the sunken ferry Sewol.
The wife of a man who was shot dead by police has told an inquest he wanted to kill himself.
Northern Ireland's Tyrrell Hatton shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the PGA Championship.
Plans for a new airport in Hertfordshire have been given the go-ahead.
The number of parks in England has reached a "tipping point", a group of MPs has said.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been praised on social media for his response to the country's election victory.
A children's school in Herefordshire has been fined £1,000 after a rare scientific book was stolen.
Hull City striker Victor Clucas has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
An Italian woman who gave birth to a foetal abnormality has died, her family has said.
Dur Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against a Chicago-based music company over unpaid fees.
Defending champion Nick Kyrgios says he was tired as he reached the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
A man has been jailed for five years for sexually assaulting a woman he met online.
A major upgrade to one of Scotland's busiest container ports has been completed.
Gardeners are being urged to cut down on a pest that has been eating the bluebells.
The owner of a popular hunting TV channel, Stan Kroenke, has been ordered to remove content from the channel.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for a year for texting and having sex with a girl he met online.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in County Mayo.
A man who died while trying to rescue his dog has been named by his family.
A man who carried out a "horrific" attack on a man he met online has been given a life sentence.
Former Bradford City and Bradford City midfielder David Watson has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish national team.
The PSNI has launched an investigation into the resettlement of Syrian refugees in Northern Ireland.
A mother-of-two who died after being hit by a car has been jailed for four years.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the first stage of the Tour de Yorkshire as he retained his overall lead.
More than half of young people in Scotland do not know how to report hate crimes, according to a charity.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car.
Brazilian footballer Neymar has appeared in court for the first time since he was sold to Barcelona last year.
Voting for the Hull by-election has been stopped after the ballot box was incorrectly printed.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he is "very happy" with Shane Williams' performance in Saturday's Six Nations win over Australia.
Paul Gazza is one of the world's best-known footballers.
An environmental group has said it will sue the National Trust over its refusal to allow it to drill for shale gas.
Five men have been arrested as part of a drugs investigation.
Manchester City have signed Tottenham defender Kyle Walker for an undisclosed fee.
A raccoon has escaped from a house in Cambridgeshire.
Police are appealing for information after a dog was stolen from a County Antrim shopping centre.
A former Rwandan academic has been extradited to Canada to face charges of inciting genocide during the 1994 genocide.
More than half of international students in the UK think leaving the European Union would make them less attractive to study, a study suggests.
A man has been jailed for life for having sex with a 14-year-old girl.
Serial podcast Serial is to be adapted into a TV series.
Scotland's council tax system has been criticised for not being fairer than the rest of the world.
Hull chicks have been put up for sale for the first time in more than a decade.
Hull KR have signed Hull KR defender Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
A man's body has been found in a wooded lay-by, police have said.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has announced he will leave the club at the end of the season.
A gene linked to heart disease has been found to increase the risk of the disease, a study suggests.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a police officer in Australia last year.
Google has announced that it will stop selling its Glass smart glasses for the rest of the year.
An unexploded military device has been found at a house in County Armagh.
The African Union has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's king Salman bin Abdul Fattah al-Saud has appointed a new security agency, state media report.
A Scottish farm goods firm has reported a rise in pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
US President Donald Trump has said he has no intention of firing special counsel Robert Mueller.
The Isle of Wight's education committee has called on the government to clarify its rules on term-time holidays.
Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza has said his wife has been shot in the head in a suspected assassination attempt.
One of the world's biggest mobile operators, O2, has said it is "disappointed" that the rollout of 4G mobile phones has been delayed.
Three men have been found guilty of supporting the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
The Football Association has backed a proposal to create a new tier of English football.
A Scottish chef has called for a ban on foreign chefs being allowed to work in the UK.
England head coach Rob Robshaw says his side's poor start to their World Cup campaign was a "wake-up call".
A batch of Canadian gin has been recalled after it was found to contain too much alcohol.
Former world champion Mike Towell has died at the age of 28.
German carmaker Daimler has agreed to install a software fix to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxide.
Scientists say they have discovered a new type of cement that they hope will be able to keep the world safe from nuclear waste.
Muckamore and Donemana reached the quarter-finals of the Cumbrian Cricketers' Cup for the second year in a row.
A Clacton player has appeared in court accused of threatening fans with a baseball bat.
The publisher of Charlie Hebdo, the satirical magazine that was attacked in Paris last week, has called for a boycott of its annual awards.
The NHS needs to cut the amount it spends on agency staff, a watchdog has said.
Workers at a recycling plant in Antrim are facing redundancy, the Unite union has said.
Poundland, one of the UK's biggest retail chains, has spent more than £1bn in the last five years trying to cut the price of its products.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a wall on the Isle of Quay.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder following the death of a woman in a flat in west Belfast.
A new contraceptive device is being developed in Burkina Faso.
The Independent Police Ombudsman (IPO) in Northern Ireland has said it is ready to resume historical investigations.
New Zealand police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in rugby league.
Winds of up to 40mph (65km/h) have hit parts of Wales over the festive period, forecasters have warned.
A Chinese army soldier has died after his vehicle capsized during a training exercise.
Former World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) chief Alberto Garcia has been criticised for his handling of the investigation into corruption at the world governing body.
Connacht extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to eight points with a hard-fought victory over Ospreys.
Billy, who was seriously injured in a car crash last year, has finally been able to drive again.
One of Sunderland's most famous music shops has closed.
League Two side Luton Town have agreed a new three-year deal which will keep them at the club until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Paris St-Germain striker Karim Benzia has signed a new two-year contract with the Algerian national team.
England netball players will be able to play for professional teams for the first time under new contracts announced by the Women's Superleague.
The winner of South Wales Police's mayoral election has been announced.
A drug that reduces the number of ovarian cancer cells has been shown to be effective in the early stages of the disease.
A video has been released by police searching for missing Bristol woman Jo Yeates.
Two years ago, The KLF went on the run.
Formula 1 driver Maria de Villota is in a critical condition in hospital after being involved in a collision with a lorry.
A fire has broken out at a Victorian building in Glasgow city centre.
South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has been appointed by US President-elect Donald Trump.
Taiwan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs has banned Chinese nationals from entering mainland China.
Nottingham Forest boss Steve Clough says the prospect of relegation from the Championship will be "terrifying".
Soldiers from the Royal Marine Regiment have arrived in Afghanistan for the first time.
In the early 1990s, Laura Pergolizzi was in the midst of a career spanning more than a decade.
Manchester City extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with victory over Chelsea.
Former world middleweight champion Michael Blackwell has been banned from boxing for six months after being found guilty of striking a man in the head.
The sister of a Sheffield United fan who died in the Hillsborough disaster has been named as Daniel Shah.
The creator of a robot that can be used to play video games has announced plans for a music festival in Inverness.
AFC Wimbledon will face Cambridge United in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Tranmere Rovers have parted company with manager Paul O'Donnell following the club's relegation from League Two.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will be without three of his key players for Saturday's Champions League quarter-final against Liverpool.
League Two side Barrow have sacked manager Paul Cox after just two games in charge.
A man who died after being bitten by a bee has been named by police.
Forest Green Rovers came from behind to beat Torquay United in the National League.
The family of two girls kidnapped by Boko Haram militants in Chibok, north-east Nigeria, have been living in fear for their lives.
Russia's lower house of parliament has voted in favour of a bill that would make it easier for parents to beat their children.
Kenya's indigenous Mau Mau rebels have filed a legal challenge to the British colonial rule in the 1970s and 1980s.
Ross County captain Andrew Davies has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Prince Harry has been photographed playing with a crocodile for the first time.
Australia's Paul Reuss has been ruled out of the first Test against India in Mumbai because of concussion.
The head of Nissan has said the company's sponsorship of the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro will help boost sales of its cars.
Crayfish have been reintroduced to a river in Wales for the first time in more than 50 years.
Dozens of people have been evacuated after a fire broke out at London's O2 arena.
The Oscar-nominated film 13 Years a Slave has risen to the top of the best-seller list for the first time.
A Niagara Falls water treatment plant in New York state has been accused of failing to clean up a "potentially toxic" discharge.
Dundee striker Paul O'Dea says he would like to see former Dundee striker Greg Stewart and Scott Hemmings leave the club.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympics will take place in Lillehammer, Norway.
The UK Independence Party (UKIP) has dropped its support for a bid to take over Manston Airport.
The Education Standards Authority (Ofqual) has said it is "not fit for purpose" to assess pupils' grades.
At least 20 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen, activists say.
On Christmas Eve, thousands of Palestinians gather in Bethlehem to celebrate the birth of Jesus.
North Wales Police has been rated "fit for purpose" by a watchdog.
A Welsh actress who worked with Oscar-winning actor Anthony DiCaprio has said she has been inspired by his work.
A five-year-old boy who had a successful T-cell transplant has been donated to a US hospital, his mother has said.
Lufthansa and KLM have been fined by the European Commission for alleged infringement of competition rules.
Bournemouth striker Jack King says he believes the club's fans are safe, despite their relegation from the Premier League.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the UN says.
It's been a year since the US and Cuba reached a historic agreement.
Paris St-Germain owner Michel McCourt has signed a new five-year contract with the French club.
Belgium has taken to social media to share pictures of its city lights.
A mother and her three children have been found dead in a flat in Ukraine's capital, Kiev.
Championship side Southampton have signed midfielder Alex McQueen on a season-long loan deal.
Plans to build a tunnel around Stonehenge have been submitted to the government.
Saracens head coach Paul Borthwick has been fined £10,000 by the Rugby Football Union (RFU).
Myanmar's army has raped and murdered more than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims, the UN has said.
Tens of thousands of people have been left without water after a water main burst.
Guernsey's FA Cup quarter-final defeat by Guernsey was a "disappointing" result, says head coach Steve Vance.
Russia should be banned from international athletics, says former world champion Mark Warner.
The family of a British schoolgirl who went to Syria to join so-called Islamic State have called for the government to review its Prevent programme.
Two new tours of the former home of Coronation Street have been launched, the BBC has announced.
Teachers at a County Antrim school have gone on strike.
Cecare, a Sicilian winemaker, is in the middle of a vineyard in northern Italy.
The BBC has created a virtual assistant that allows users to control the iPlayer.
The world's biggest Celtic music festival is being offered in virtual reality.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Houvenaghel has announced she will retire from dentistry at the age of 31.
The first day of Wimbledon has been postponed because of rain.
Italian firefighters have been arrested in the northern city of Ragusa after being accused of setting fires.
Child sexual abuse in England and Wales is falling, according to the National Crime Agency (NCA).
The US is to hold a meeting with 10 countries to discuss a ban on laptops on flights to and from the Middle East.
South Korea has accused North Korea of trying to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the US.
Ukraine says it is ready to resume gas supplies to rebel-held areas of the east of the country.
Richard Keogh's second-half equaliser earned Derby County victory over Grimsby Town.
A woman who was shot dead by two men dressed as Santa Claus and dressed as a Santa Claus has had her conviction overturned.
Ambulance services in Derbyshire have been rated "inadequate" by a watchdog.
Chris Mooy's second-half equaliser earned Leeds victory over Huddersfield at Elland Road.
A BBC Look East editor has told a High Court tribunal she was subjected to a "witch hunt" by the BBC.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in the Scottish Borders.
The search for a group of mountaineers who went missing in Washington state last week has been called off.
Queen of the South reached the semi-finals of the Scottish League Cup with a 2-1 victory over Queen's Park.
The British and Irish Lions suffered a second defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Australia in Brisbane.
The former chairman of Tata Sons has written to the company's board, accusing it of "bullying" him.
World number one Andy Murray says he is "shocked and saddened" by the Paris attacks, as he prepares to play in the ATP World Tour Finals.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £10,000 by the Rugby Football League (RFL) after their game against Widnes Vikings was postponed.
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial is the best player in the world, says manager Jose Mourinho.
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he is running for the Republican presidential nomination.
Juan Mata's second-half equaliser gave Chelsea victory over Sunderland at Stamford Bridge.
North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un has said it has successfully tested a ballistic missile capable of reaching the US mainland.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 index closed higher on Thursday, boosted by a rise in shares of Taylor Wimmon.
A man accused of attempting to murder his wife has denied killing her.
The number of wild tigers in the northern Indian state of Sunderbans has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
Manchester City striker Jesus has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a broken metatarsal.
The chief executive of Sport NI has resigned following a meeting of the organisation's board of directors.
Cybersecurity firm Symantec says it has discovered a "wicked" malware that can infect routers.
It has been a week of violence in the German city of Leipzig.
A dual carriageway has reopened after being closed for more than two hours.
Mexico's finance minister, Luis Videgaray, has resigned.
Tal Afar is one of the most strategically important towns in Iraq.
Ezri Konsa's first-half equaliser earned Fleetwood victory over Charlton.
Swansea City chairman Paul Brown says the club's shareholders are "desperate" for a takeover offer.
A loggerhead turtle has been filmed lying on a reef in the Isle of Wight.
Scunthorpe United were held to a goalless draw by League One play-off hopefuls Vale of Glamorgan.
Jamie Varney's injury-time equaliser helped MK Dons beat Ipswich Town to reach the League Two play-off semi-finals.
Liberia's President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf has been declared the winner of the country's presidential election.
England's Paul Fleetwood shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Leeds Rhinos have signed Liverpool defender Mandy van van den Bergen on a two-year deal.
Grimsby Town have signed former Port Vale midfielder Ruairi Anderson on loan until the end of the season.
Bonfire bonfires have been dumped in a Belfast city centre car park.
A dictionary of words written by Roald Dahl has been published by Oxford University.
Wales' biggest carmaker, TVR, has announced plans to build a new factory in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "devastated" after suffering a "horrific" crash at the Belgian Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, with shares in Marks and Spencer leading the way.
Portadown have been suspended by the Irish Football Association (IFA) for four matches for failing to comply with disciplinary rules.
A light aircraft has crashed into a garden in Stoke-on-Trent.
A woman has been jailed for stealing more than £10,000 from a boys' football club.
Astronomers have discovered the most powerful stars in the Milky Way.
Roma have banned fans from the club's Stadio Olimpico following racist chants against striker Mario Balotelli.
Plymouth Argyle maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with victory over Crawley Town.
TV network Scripps Networks Interactive has agreed to buy US cable network Discovery for $1.5bn (Â£1.8bn).
QPR striker Steven Caulker has suffered a fractured skull during a pre-season friendly with Crystal Palace.
US singer Barbra Streisand has asked Siri to change her name.
Police in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, have fired tear gas to disperse anti-government protesters.
A US pharmaceutical company has cut the price of its most expensive drug by more than a third.
Derby striker Jack Martin says he feels a "new sense of confidence" after scoring a hat-trick in his first win of the season.
A flight from Glasgow to Edinburgh has been diverted to Prestwick Airport after a fire broke out in the cabin.
The proportion of five-year-olds with tooth decay in Wales has improved, according to a new national survey.
The impact of the Brexit vote has been felt across the Northern Ireland economy, according to the Ulster Bank.
Plans for a major redevelopment of Manchester's St Michael's Square have been approved by the city's heritage body.
A motorcyclist has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm by dangerous driving.
Sinn Féin have appointed former Carrick Rangers manager Paul Callaghan as their new manager.
A man has been jailed for four years for assaulting a three-month-old boy in Edinburgh.
British number one Johanna Konta is through to the second round of the WTA Finals in Toronto.
Police investigating the disappearance of a 15-year-old girl in Leicestershire are treating her disappearance as murder.
Chester boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over Dagenham and Redbridge.
Dagenham & Redbridge have signed striker Jack Wood on a season-long loan deal.
Voters in some of the most deprived parts of England are turning out for local elections, the Electoral Commission has said.
Wales international Matthew Morgan has signed a new three-year contract with Ospreys.
Crawley Town midfielder Conor Henderson has signed a new three-year contract with the League Two club.
Stoke City boss Tony Pulis says he has no plans to sell Stoke striker Joe Crouch.
One of Andy Warhol's most famous portraits of Mao Zedong has gone on show in China for the first time.
Bolton councillors have approved a plan to build a garden in the middle of the city.
Oscar-winning actor Tatum is to star in a new film based on the best-selling Ghostbusters film.
Diameth Johnson's moth sculptures have been decorated in Leeds to mark the 100th anniversary of her return to the UK.
The UK's finance secretary has said the government is ready to re-think its fiscal policy.
Five new artists have been confirmed to headline a festive festival in Durham.
Ireland reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship with a 2-1 victory over Germany.
A father-of-two has lost a legal battle against a council over term-time absences.
A 13-year-old girl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a bike has been released from hospital.
A US soldier has been awarded the highest military honour in the world, the Medal of Freedom.
A campaign group calling for a cap on the number of people allowed to leave the UK has called for a radical overhaul of the country's immigration system.
Crystal Palace fans were evacuated from a London Tube station after a fire broke out.
Scotland's Hannah Seaidaid has won gold in the women's rifle at the European Shooting Championships.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's actions in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Britain's men's skeleton team, the Skeleton Team, have won a record number of medals at the Rio Olympics.
Britain's Jessica Adams will defend her WBA light-middleweight title against Claudia Salazar in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Great Britain's Adam Heath won the men's kayak gold medal at the European Championships in Budapest.
The Republic of Ireland women's football team have reached the semi-finals of the European Championship.
The last of Bristol's last dry docks has been sold.
More than half of care homes in Wales are failing to meet the needs of older people, a report has found.
Plans to scrap the right-to-buy scheme in England and Wales have been criticised by social housing campaigners.
The number of syphilis cases in London has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Edinburgh.
Championship side Portsmouth have signed Belgium international Fabrice Ferencvá on a season-long loan deal.
Nottingham Forest have appointed former Forest Green Rovers boss Marcelo Silva as their new manager.
A charity has been asked to help save the lives of three kangaroo cubs in Australia.
More than a third of babies born with a cleft palate in the UK have not been diagnosed, according to new figures.
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike for more than a year have been sacked.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jack Park on a season-long loan deal until the end of the season.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has promised to transform the way bus services are run in England.
Low-calorie diets have reduced the number of fat-free meals in the world, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter after a woman was crushed to death by a metal frame.
Arsenal Ladies midfielder Ashley Nobbs has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
Wigan Warriors head coach Paul Wane says his side's success in the 2017 World Club Series is a positive sign for the sport.
The International Space Agency (ISS) has agreed to set up a global radio system to monitor the movements of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
China has confirmed that it has banned the trade in tiger skins, a group of animal rights groups has said.
The UK's economy is likely to slow in 2017 and 2018, according to a think tank.
A man who threatened to shoot a police officer in the head with a crossbow has been found guilty of attempted murder.
Luxury airline KLM has expanded its international flights from Inverness to Amsterdam.
Glasgow Warriors reached the Pro12 quarter-finals for the first time with a convincing victory over Leinster.
Plans for a new spaceport in Gwynedd have been given the go-ahead.
Arcade Fire have returned to the Pyramid Stage for their first Glastonbury show in more than a decade.
The Women's World Twenty20 will be held at Lord's next year, the Women's Cricket Board has announced.
Nigeria's army says it has killed at least eight people in an ambush by Islamist militants in the north-eastern state of Borno.
Irish actor and actor Lally Lally has died at the age of 83.
Worcestershire's Chris Robson hit a career-best second-wicket century as Middlesex beat Warwickshire by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
The world's largest coral reef is at risk of irreversible coral bleaching, according to a new study.
Shares in Cyprus have fallen to their lowest level since the country's bailout deal with the European Central Bank (ECB).
A cancer patient has raised more than £10,000 for cancer charity Macmillan.
A parish hall in Carmarthenshire has been fined more than £1,000 by the Diocese of St Davids.
The family of a Walsall footballer who died in the Tunisia terror attack have paid tribute to him on social media.
The quality of science lessons in Wales has improved, according to education watchdog Estyn.
Jewish groups across the US have offered to donate to Jewish institutions in response to recent attacks.
Two brothers have been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a "bloodbath".
Devil has returned to the stage for the first time in more than a year to perform at the Glastonbury Festival.
Brentford have parted company with manager Mark Warburton after just one season in charge.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said he is "disappointed" that the UMP party has been caught up in a fraud scandal.
US President Barack Obama has visited Cuba for the first time since the 1959 revolution.
A fire which broke out on a ferry bound for the Isle of Wight has been put out.
Two men have been jailed for life for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in Dubai.
The maker of Nivea has apologised after a racist advert was posted on its Facebook page.
Cambridge United moved to within three points of the League Two play-off places with victory over Exeter.
Former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has signed a new three-year deal with Premiership side Sale.
A team of scientists from the University of California, San Francisco, has developed a new way of measuring seismic activity in the world.
A chronology of key quotes:
England's Women's World Twenty20 match against South Africa ended in a draw after a rain-affected second day.
UKIP South Wales MEP Nathan Gill has said he will stand down if he does not agree with a UKIP MEP's call for a "black route".
EasyJet has apologised to passengers after a plane was forced to take off from Amsterdam because of smoke in its cabin.
More apprenticeships are needed in England than anywhere else in the world, a report says.
Plans to build a wind farm on a river in Conwy county have been withdrawn.
Five men have been jailed after being found guilty of conspiring to smuggle heroin into South Wales.
Athletic Bilbao striker Abdelhak Nouri has been diagnosed with heart disease.
Former Northern Ireland Prime Minister Sir William Hague has said he is worried about the future of the welfare system in Northern Ireland.
Juventus boss Gianluigi Buffon says the use of video-in-the-match (VAR) technology in Serie A is "disrespectful".
A London-based investment bank has opened a new branch in the city.
David Cameron's bid to become the next secretary of state for the UK has been rejected, a leading defence expert has said.
Laura Walsh and Alfie Boe are to co-write a new version of Queen's classic Queen for the 2016 Olympics.
One of the most popular social media hashtags in the world has been trending in the Russian capital, Moscow.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has said he has no regrets about his decision to leave the club.
Cameroon international Ousmane Chedjou has signed a new three-year contract with Turkish club Istanbul Basaksehir.
Livingston is one of Scotland's most important towns.
Children's toys could be hacked into by hackers, the Home Office has said.
Burmese armed groups have signed a long-awaited peace agreement with the government.
Venezuela's military says it has shot down a suspected drug trafficker after he tried to smuggle drugs into the country.
A new mental health unit is to be set up in Cardiff in a bid to tackle mental health problems.
China's state-owned telecoms firm ZTE has been fined $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) by the US government.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers in the Central African Republic has more than doubled in the last five years, a UN report says.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife at their home in Carstairs.
The French ambassador to Mali has said the number of troops remaining in the country has fallen to its lowest level since the end of last year.
US President Barack Obama has called for tougher sanctions against Chinese companies involved in cyber-espionage.
Flood warnings have been issued for parts of Warwickshire after heavy rain caused severe flooding.
A swan has been rescued from a rooftop in London.
The Liberal Democrats have condemned Theresa May's pledge to leave the European Union.
Celtic maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Harry Hearer has pulled out of the hit TV series Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Nurses in England are facing the prospect of having to take out student loans to train for a second career.
Two of Australia's most endangered reptiles have been given the go-ahead to build a new nuclear power station.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Richards-Ross says she is "devastated" by the stigma surrounding her sexuality.
Brexit Secretary Anthony Davis has called for a "long-term pause" in talks over the Irish border.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Oscar-winning actress Barbara Jumbo has criticised Hollywood for not doing enough to encourage black actors to come to the UK.
Schools in England are failing to meet the needs of disadvantaged pupils, a study suggests.
Cardiff Blues scrum-half Matt Anscombe says he feels like he is "like a piece of glass".
When Steve Jobs took the stage at the unveiling of his new iPhone, it was the first time I had ever seen a phone with a camera.
Plans for a £1bn research centre in Newcastle have been unveiled.
Yorkshire Diamond Diamond have appointed former Essex and Essex head coach Paul Grayson as their new head coach.
Bristol Rovers have signed Ryan Sweeney and Ryan Telford on loan until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate continued to rise in May, according to official figures.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said it would be "impossible" for Wales to get tax breaks.
Olympic gold medallist Jade Graddon says she is ready to compete at Rio 2016.
A commuter train has collided with a freight train in Oakland, California.
The Pirate Bay website has returned to normal after being shut down for more than a week.
Match reports for all the Premier League games of the weekend.
The world's climate change target of 1.5 degrees Celsius (5.5 Fahrenheit) has been set by the Paris climate agreement.
The number of animal cruelty cases in Wales has reached a record high, according to the RSPCA.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of his ex-girlfriend.
Crusaders head coach Paul Mulgrew says his side will have to be "more ruthless" if they are to maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at whether the UK's banks are in good shape.
Glamorgan all-rounder James Ingram says he will not be playing in the Indian Premier League (IPL).
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the final practice session of the Formula 1 season at the Australian Grand Prix.
A former member of Fifa's governing body has been banned from participating in the 2022 World Cup.
A man has been found dead in a house fire in Londonderry.
A collection of anti-racism photographs from the 1980s and 1990s has gone on show.
Huddersfield Town striker Jack Vaughan says the club's players are ready to compete in the Championship this season.
Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement was a huge blow for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
Barcelona striker Gerard Pique says the club are "not in a good position" despite reaching the semi-finals of the Champions League.
UKIP leader Boris Johnson has called for a merger of the Leave campaign and Grassroots Out.
Religious leaders in Mauritania have called for the death of a Muslim blogger jailed for insulting the Prophet Muhammad.
A man who died after being trapped in a tank containing toxic chemicals has been sentenced to three years in prison.
One of the world's most advanced nuclear submarines, Artful, has been officially launched at the Royal Navy's headquarters.
Wales manager Chris Coleman should stay at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season, says assistant manager Paul Ledley.
One of the world's largest transport networks, Globalstar, has been hacked, a security researcher has said.
Oscar-winning actress Joan Collins has said she is not a member of the Royal Family.
A rare Egyptian goose has been discovered in a box at a Norfolk nature reserve.
Burnley striker Chris Vokes has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Surrey's Chris Burns hit his second half-century of the season to give his side a three-wicket lead over Surrey in the One-Day Cup.
One of the UK's largest care homes, Southern Cross, could be forced to close by the end of the year.
The number of cancer patients being treated in England has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade.
Wildlife in parts of the world could be threatened by climate change, according to a new study.
Gatwick Airport has reported better-than-expected pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
Two former councillors have been suspended following a report into the sale of council land.
Premier League clubs are to donate £1m to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Syrian government air strikes on rebel-held parts of the city of Aleppo have left more than 100 people dead, activists say.
A man was crushed to death by a hoist at a hospital in Lincolnshire, a court has heard.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has called for a radical rethink of religious education in England.
A large fire has broken out in a block of flats in Londonderry.
A plan to split Oxfordshire into two separate councils has been backed by councillors.
National League side Reading have signed defender Angus MacDonald on a season-long loan deal.
The Co-operative Bank has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
Nato warships are taking part in a major naval exercise in the English Channel.
A rocket carrying cargo for the International Space Station (ISS) has exploded in the Atlantic Ocean.
A woman accused of hitting Jeremy Vine in the face with a fork has told a court it was "like a baseball bat".
The impact of a giant asteroid on the Earth has been described as a "dramatic event" by a team of scientists.
South Africa's deputy first minister has resigned after being charged with assault.
Michael O'Donoghue scored a hat-trick as Ireland beat Poland 3-0 to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League.
An investigation is under way into the disappearance of seabirds on a beach in Suffolk.
The founder of a rock garden in India's capital, Chandigarh, has died at the age of 83.
Former British Cycling chief executive Paul Brailsford has said he does not believe the organisation has a "culture of fear".
The Department for Health and Social Care (DSP) has published draft guidelines on abortion in Northern Ireland.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the biggest challenges facing young people in England.
Real Madrid have said they will appeal against a ban on Zinedine Zidane.
Work to build a new road through Taunton has cost Somerset County Council more than £1m.
Peterborough United striker Jack Maddison is "one of the best players in the Premier League", says manager Paul McCann.
The closure of two police control rooms in Aberdeen and Inverness has been delayed until the end of the year.
Uefa striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will never play in a World Cup final again.
Burundi's army chief has been shot dead in the capital, Bujumbura, police say.
Victoria Vergara has become the highest-paid actress in the world, according to a new report by Forbes.
Thousands of Nepalese villagers have protested against the government's response to last week's earthquake in the capital, Kathmandu.
Cuban President Raul Castro has condemned US President Donald Trump's policy on human rights.
Oscar-winning actor Tennant has said he had to wait until the end of the year to see a new play about King George VI.
The US Secret Service needs to improve security at the White House, a review has found.
Gibraltar could become the first member of the European Union to be granted full access to the rest of the UK, the country's foreign minister has said.
Passengers on Arriva Trains Wales have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Paraguay's President Oscar Pistorius has said he will not stand for re-election.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has met Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time in more than a year.
Islamic State (IS) militants have retaken the northern Syrian town of Rama, activists say.
World Championship leaders Ronnie O'Sullivan, Mark Selby and Judd Trump were among the winners in the first round of the tournament.
The Welsh Conservative leader has said he does not believe the NHS in Wales will be in better shape than it was in the 1990s.
The number of women being stalked by ex-partners has more than doubled in Wales, a charity has said.
The number of graduate jobs in the world is set to rise sharply in the next decade, according to a new report.
More than 1,000 bank staff are to be trained in how to catch fraudsters who con people out of more than £1m.
Voters in Ealing are being asked to choose their preferred candidate in the Ealing by-election.
Six Ospreys players have taken part in a collection of recyclables in Swansea.
Travellers have been left stranded at Edinburgh International Airport for more than two hours.
West Ham have completed the signing of Mexico striker Javier Hernandez for an undisclosed fee.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Elizabeth Karim-Cooper looks at what it means to be a theatre.
Swansea City Council has signed a takeover offer for the Premier League club.
Qatari striker Diafra Sakho has been charged by the Football Association with abusive conduct during his side's 2-1 defeat by Tottenham.
Gregor Barclay says he is relishing the prospect of playing for Scarlets in the Champions Cup final.
A former soldier has been arrested in connection with the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry.
Chinese social media users have reacted angrily to a report that a Chinese boy has been arrested in Dubai for begging.
The chief executive of the BBC has called for the corporation to scrap its iPlayer service.
Plans for a new coal-fired power station have been approved by the government.
More than 100 African-American men and women who served in the Royal Navy during World War Two have been reunited with their families.
Great Britain's women's team will not compete at the Olympics, says Football Association president Sam Allardyce.
A rare bird of prey has returned to Breckenridge for the first time in more than a decade.
Scottish Labour leader Joachim Lamont has resigned.
Japanese chipmaker ARM Holdings has agreed to sell its UK operations to Japanese firm Softbank for an undisclosed sum.
Edinburgh City were knocked out of the Scottish League Two play-off semi-finals by Raith Rovers.
More than half of workers in England and Wales are unable to work because of illness, according to a report by the TUC.
A fire-damaged hospital in Coventry has been found to have inadequate fire safety, a health trust has said.
A man has been charged with attempted murder following a bomb attack at a police station in Dungannon.
A series of stamps celebrating the Great Fire of London have been released by the Royal Mail.
Mobile phone retailer Carphone Warehouse has confirmed it has been hacked.
Hundreds of students have taken part in an intensive inter-intersex training course in the Isle of Man.
A video of a mother accused of murdering her two-year-old son has been shown to a court.
The number of NHS trusts in England is at an all-time high, according to new figures.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron's plans to scrap benefits for EU workers have been criticised by Eurosceptics.
Former world champion Paul LeMond says former world champion Lance Armstrong should be banned from the Tour de France.
Swiss authorities are investigating allegations of money-laundering linked to a state-owned investment fund.
A campaign to change the name of Londonderry has been launched by the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
Veteran actor Tony Valentine has died at the age of 83.
Mad Max: Fury Road has topped the US box office for the first time.
Microsoft has revealed details of its new Scorpio console.
The former leader of the UK Independence Party has resigned after posting anti-Israel comments on social media.
Roald Dahl is one of the most famous authors in the world.
Burger chain Pret has said it will not be offering free meals to unemployed workers.
Torquay United chairman Steve Nicholson says the club's takeover of the League Two club has been "a success".
Irish writer Jodie Orr has been shortlisted for the BBC National Short Story Prize.
A rare species of shark has been attacked in the Red Sea, the first of its kind in the world.
A three-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
A concert has been held in the Scottish capital, Glasgow, to raise funds for the earthquake relief effort.
More than 1,000 farmers have marched through the Scottish Parliament to protest against the government's handling of farm payments.
England captain Alastair Cook has been criticised for his poor form in the first three Tests of the season.
The former commander of the UK military in Afghanistan has called for an end to attacks on foreigners in the country.
Dozens of people in England and Wales have been warned to be aware of lightning.
The High Court has adjourned a hearing on the sale of the Formula 1 team to Renault.
Northamptonshire maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a five-wicket victory over Sussex.
Former England captain Wayne O'Loughlin has said he is "very happy" with Wayne Rooney's role as head coach.
Sheffield United's Women's Super League One campaign ended with a 1-1 draw at Yeovil Town.
A man has told a Jersey Historical Abuse Inquiry that he was sexually abused at his Jersey home, a court has heard.
A County Antrim woman who was shot in the head by a Christian pastor has said she wants to speak to other Christians who have been shot.
Fiji rugby legend Matavesi has been remembered as one of the world's most successful players.
The bodies of a woman and a man have been found at a house in Renfrewshire.
A 19-year-old man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Coventry's betting shops have been accused of failing to protect customers from the dangers of gambling.
Grimsby Town have parted company with former Crystal Palace and Aldershot Town midfielder Michael Straker.
Police have searched a property in Carmarthenshire as part of an investigation into the Westminster terror attack.
In the wake of last week's deadly attack on a Buddhist shrine in Bangkok, the Thai government has said that it will do everything it can to stabilise the country.
A police officer who groped a female colleague has been jailed for four years.
Boris Johnson has been fined £10,000 after a video emerged showing him giving his wife a handbag.
Police in Northern Ireland have said they are investigating a spate of sex attacks on men.
The chancellor of the United States, George Osborne, has been talking about the economy for the first time.
A rare Burundian osprey has been moved to a new aquarium in the UK.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Swindon came from behind to beat Walsall.
A new CCTV scheme in Denbighshire has been given the go-ahead.
Malawi and Mauritius have reached the second round of the Confederation of African Football (CHAN) qualifiers.
Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has said the country will continue to support the UN nuclear deal with world powers.
The head of a Texas university has said he does not support a law banning students from carrying guns on campus.
UKIP MEP Steven Woolfe has been removed from the party's leadership ballot.
League Two side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Jones on a season-long loan deal.
A former Dumfries and Galloway teacher has been banned from teaching after being found guilty of indecent images of children.
A Muslim man who posted offensive messages on his Facebook page has had his licence revoked.
Paralympic gold medallist Armen Vardanian has been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics after failing a drugs test.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Pilkington says his side are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs this season.
A man who stalked a 13-year-old girl has been found guilty of her murder.
Lord Strathclyde has announced his retirement from the House of Commons.
A biscuit factory in County Tyrone has been placed into administration.
Japan's chief executive of Dentsu has resigned.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife with a kitchen fire, a court has heard.
At least eight people have been killed in a suicide attack on a bus in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
Plans for a new nuclear waste dump have been given the go-ahead after a public consultation.
Google's chief executive, Eric Schmidt, has said he does not believe the company should have to pay tax in the UK.
Mozambique is one of the poorest countries in the world, with a population of less than 1.5 million.
One of the stars of the hit TV show Robin Hood and Maid Marian has been diagnosed with breast cancer.
George Main's second-half equaliser earned Oldham victory over Southend at Old Trafford.
One of Australia's most successful agricultural companies, Sir Sidney Kidman & Co, has been put up for sale.
League One side Shrewsbury Town suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Rochdale.
Prince Harry has visited the Caribbean island of Guyana for the first time.
A man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast.
One of the most powerful families in the Philippines, the Ampatuans, has been sentenced to life in prison.
It's been a week since the Greek debt crisis began, and I'm still not sure what to make of it.
Workers on the London Underground have voted in favour of a new pay deal.
Swansea City's former chairman has died.
Motherwell striker Lee Hutchinson and Hearts defender Lee Gallus have been ruled out for the rest of the season with injuries.
Bradford Bulls have been placed into administration.
A British soldier who was shot dead during a training exercise in Afghanistan has been named.
The number of wildland fires in the Highlands has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures.
The Duchess of Cambridge has been named as one of the most powerful women in the UK.
World Snooker champion Ronnie O'Sullivan and world number one Mark Higgins have reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Open.
Prince Harry has said he wants to "make a difference" in the fight against HIV.
London Underground has suspended a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Samsung has won a US court battle against Apple over a ban on the sale of its Galaxy Tab smartphone.
League Two side Trinity Trinity have signed Newcastle United winger Tyler Williams on a season-long loan deal.
Saudi Arabia's richest man, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal bin Abdulaziz al-Waleed, has bought a stake in Twitter.
More than half of female athletes in the UK have experienced sexism, according to a survey by BBC Sport.
A collection of Dalmatians from Doctor Who has gone on show in London for the first time.
Former Rangers owner Ian Ashley has lost a legal battle with the High Court over the club's sale of merchandise.
The chairman of the Northern Ireland Assembly has said there is "no consensus" on how to deal with the legacy of the Troubles.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a block of flats in Glasgow.
One of the world's most powerful aircraft, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, has finally arrived in Kenya.
British graffiti artists have been criticised for using the word "Islamophobia" in a TV series about the Middle East.
Sprinter Sacre was one of Britain's most successful jockeys.
The pilots' union has launched a legal challenge to the government's decision not to release the cockpit voice recorder of a Puma Puma fighter jet.
Two of the most senior Conservative MPs in the North East are due to meet later to discuss their views on devolution.
Two people have died after taking heroin in Caerphilly county.
Domino's Pizza has agreed to buy German rival Joey's Pizza for an undisclosed sum.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a bus driver was found dead at a house in Bangor.
A man has been charged with the rape of a boy in Cumbria.
A former president of the world football governing body Fifa has pleaded guilty to corruption charges.
It's been a busy week for the US presidential campaign.
A number of women have spoken of their shock at the revelation that they had been duped into having sex with undercover police officers.
A British man who travelled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State (IS) group has been jailed for more than a year.
Three people have been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found dead at a quarry.
As Theresa May prepares to take over as leader of the UK's largest party, there is a growing sense of unease in the Conservative Party.
The Football Association is the governing body of the Premier League.
Wales has a long way to go to get a better deal out of the Conservative manifesto.
Bangladesh beat England by eight wickets in the first Test in Chittagong to win the first match of the three-match series.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has warned that Europe is on the verge of becoming the world's most dangerous place to live.
Wales scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby at the end of the season.
Former WWE world champion Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 83.
Scotland's agriculture minister has spoken to the BBC about the impact of the UK's exit from the European Union.
GPs in England are being encouraged to cut unnecessary cancer referrals, a BBC investigation has found.
West Ham striker Diafra Sakho will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has said he does not want to leave the show.
Plans for a new bus service in Bristol have been put on hold because of a lack of funding.
Paralympic gold medallist Liam Davies has set a new world indoor record for the first time.
It was one of the most memorable moments of her life.
In the early 1990s, Japanese entrepreneur Naoki Makiura was working as a teacher in Rwanda.
Championship side Sheffield United have re-signed striker Jack Baxter on a two-year deal.
The Bank of England has announced that it will continue to provide loans to commercial banks until the end of the year.
A Canadian woman who won a $1m (Â£1m) Lotto jackpot has said she had no idea she had won the jackpot.
Same-sex couples have won a legal challenge to a ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland.
A Staffordshire bulldog has been named after a soldier who died last year.
Derek Freund's second-half equaliser earned Cheltenham victory over fellow League One strugglers Forest Green Rovers.
A man has been charged with terrorism offences.
Paralympic cyclist Pete Kennedy has won the first stage of the Isle of Man's Tour de France.
Olympic runner Eilish McColgan says she is ready to take on the role of a Terminator.
Edinburgh are targeting a top-four finish in the Six Nations, according to scrum-half Matt Dickinson.
The brother of one of the London 7/7 bombers has told the BBC he is "devastated" by the attacks.
Young people in the Republic of Ireland have been trying to get used to the idea of dabbing.
Scottish energy firm Powergrid has launched a new way of buying energy.
US Senator John McCain has arrived in the Syrian capital, Damascus, for talks with rebels.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of Wimbledon for the first time.
A West Lothian teenager who has been battling cancer for six months has died.
Former Coronation Street star Helen Mirren has been announced as one of the speakers at this year's Glastonbury Festival.
A campaign has been launched to tackle the problem of underage drinking in the Highlands.
Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq's northern city of Mosul say they have lost ground in the battle to retake the city.
China's environment minister has said the country needs to do more to protect the environment.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a house hit by a powerful earthquake in Japan.
Eurozone leaders have reacted angrily to Greece's vote to leave the European Union.
Archaeological excavations are being carried out to find the remains of King Henry VIII.
Tributes have been paid to Welsh actor Bill Jones, who has died at the age of 83.
The Mexican Football Federation (Fifa) has said it could be fined $1m (Â£1m) for chanting homophobic language during matches.
One of the world's leading art collectors has called for an end to the so-called "Trojan Horse" trade in the Middle East.
Mae ar gyfer yn ddisgwyl gan Gymryd wedi cael eu cefnogi o ffoaduriaid.
World number one Roger Federer will face world number one Novak Djokovic in the second round of the US Open.
Australia's biggest winemaker, KKR, has rejected a bid from Dutch rival RKKR.
Crusaders maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Linfield.
One of the world's most famous sky paintings has been recreated by Norwegian scientists for the first time.
The number of cold calls in the UK has reached a record high, according to the Citizens Advice Bureau.
Chaz Chilton became the first British driver to win a Formula 1 race with victory at the Indianapolis 500.
A virtual reality game that allows people with dementia to play 3D games has been developed by US researchers.
Police searching for a missing RAF serviceman who went missing more than two weeks ago have found no sign of him.
More than 1,000 workers have taken part in a protest against Sports Direct's zero-hours contracts.
People living in high-risk areas of the UK should be offered HIV testing, according to a new guidance.
How do you deal with the legacy of BHS?
A growing number of drivers are taking drugs to ease their workload, a BBC investigation has found.
It has been a year since the end of the civil war in Syria.
Mashkel, a town in the western Pakistani province of Sistan-Balochistan, has been devastated by a devastating earthquake.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced 13 people to life in prison for alleged links to the Islamic State militant group.
Scunthorpe United have signed striker Luke Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man from Gloucestershire has become the first person in the world to swim across a river.
The Speaker of the Scottish Parliament, Peter Slipper, has resigned.
Belfast has been the centre of a major tourism boom since the end of the Troubles.
Teenage vlogger TomSka says he is addicted to pornography.
The chief executive of Redrow, the UK's biggest builder, has said he is "disappointed" with the government's plans for new homes.
England scrum-half Sam Hall says his side's Six Nations defeat by Australia at Twickenham was a "wake-up call".
At the end of last year, British number one Heather Robson was on the brink of a career-best return to tennis.
A police officer has been charged with misconduct in public office.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Ireland are in talks with the West Indies over the appointment of a new head coach.
A £1m arts and culture centre is to be built in Nottinghamshire.
Colchester United have agreed a deal to sign fellow League Two side Colchester United for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain's Laura Muir has broken Laura McColgan's world record for the fastest 5,000m run.
Six former Argentine military officials have appeared in court in Buenos Aires to face charges of human rights abuses during the 1980s.
England captain Alastair Cook says he is confident his side can beat Australia in the first Test in Cardiff.
Plans to transform a Grade II listed building in Cardiff have been approved by councillors.
More than 5,200 man-made minerals have been discovered on Earth since the start of the 20th Century, say scientists.
A 13-year-old boy in Malaysia has died after his twin was removed from his womb.
Scotland's athletes have been named in the Great Britain team for next month's World Championships in Glasgow.
A Lancashire school has been evacuated after a social media user posted a picture of a gun on its Facebook page.
Australian police say they have identified more than 100 young women who have travelled to Syria to join so-called Islamic State (IS).
Mark Stoneman's second-class century of the season helped Durham beat Warwickshire by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
A vote to leave the European Union would have a "significant impact" on the UK economy, according to a credit rating agency.
Australia captain David Warner has been suspended for the rest of the World Twenty20 because of an alleged assault on his wife.
Former police and fire officers in Wales who lost a legal battle over compensation should be compensated, a tribunal has ruled.
A key part of the body of a lung cancer cell has been discovered in a study published in the journal Nature.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic reached the second round of the French Open for the first time with a straight-set victory over Serbia's Karolina Pliskova.
The US has appointed Cuba's first ambassador to the Cuban capital, Havana.
Bristol City suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by fellow strugglers Bristol Rovers.
The Oculus Rift virtual reality headset has gone on sale in the US.
Qatar's richest man says he is worried about the future of the country's water supply.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in France for talks with the French and Italian governments.
EastEnders has announced plans to introduce ethnic minority characters to the West End.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at what we need to know about the UK's drought.
The Conservatives have taken control of Northamptonshire Council.
It is the summer of violence in Northern Ireland, but it is also the time for peace.
Bournemouth striker Matt Ritchie has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
A Ceredigion bus company has gone into administration.
A woman was stabbed to death by a man she met online, a court has heard.
Brighton's unbeaten start to the season continued as they beat Huddersfield to move up to third in the Championship.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife at their Glasgow home.
The Metropolitan Police's chief constable has said he is worried about the number of officers who carry guns.
A large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in West Yorkshire.
A Cornish MP has apologised after being criticised for suggesting he had type 1 diabetes.
The French film Suite Francaise, based on the life of Holocaust survivor Irene Nemirovsky, has been released.
A huge fire has broken out at a large oil refinery in Kent.
Britain's Johanna Konta will begin her defence of her Aegon Championships title at Aegon International in May.
Two men have been taken to hospital after a tanker carrying oil from Norway capsized in Cornwall.
In our series of letters from African journalists, US President-elect Donald Trump has described his European tour as a "fantastic" one.
League Two side Liverpool have signed former Liverpool defender Alex Ngoo on loan until the end of the season.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from a bushfire in the Australian state of Queensland.
The family of a 13-year-old boy who was found unresponsive at a school have said they are "devastated" by the discovery of new evidence.
The number of savings accounts in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade.
The number of illegal cannabis farms in the UK has reached a record high, according to a new report.
One of the world's largest jigsaw puzzles has been re-assembled after more than a year of work.
A three-year-old boy has died after being hit by a car during a rally in Inverness.
The Welsh education secretary is to give a speech on education in Cardiff.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at a Tesco store has been fined £1,000.
Northern Ireland's Spotlight has been named Northern Ireland's best TV programme for the first time.
Tens of thousands of Croatian Jews are boycotting a ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz.
Manchester United have signed Borussia Monchengladbach striker Januzaj on a season-long loan deal.
Hearts supporters could be able to contribute more than £1m to the club's stand at Hampden next season.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says striker Samir Berahino is not fit enough to play for the Baggies.
Saracens will face Exeter Chiefs in the semi-finals of the Anglo-Welsh Cup.
The mother of a terminally-ill man who was beaten to death by his ex-partner has said she is "devastated" by his death.
England women beat New Zealand to reach the semi-finals of the Women's Rugby World Cup.
A woman who narrowly avoided being hit by a jet has been cleared by the UK's air safety watchdog.
A large fire has broken out in County Londonderry.
A convicted paedophile has been given a suspended jail term after being found guilty of sexually abusing children.
It was a year ago that Josephine O'Connell, the co-founder of London-based indie band Oh Wonder, became the first person to record a song.
A six-year-old boy who was mistaken for a cucumber has been banned from all schools in England.
A mother has been charged with child abduction after her three-year-old daughter was locked in the boot of a car.
A man has been arrested in connection with a "brutal" attack on a student at Aberdeen University.
Algeria beat Morocco 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says winning the Europa League would be a "dream come true".
Teachers in Wales are to be given the chance to improve their skills as part of a government plan to improve education.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he does not believe that winning trophies is a "game-changer" for the club.
A body has been found at a recycling centre in Swindon.
UKIP's leadership contest has been put on hold until the end of the month, the party has confirmed.
Aberdeen have appointed Paul Heerin as their new manager.
Police in Northern Ireland are to launch new mobile phone-based policing units in the coming months.
Sam Polamalu has announced he will retire from professional football at the age of 33.
A man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a rugby player who died after being hit by a car.
World champions Judd Trump and Scott Donaldson will face each other in the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship.
Substitute Diama Diomande scored twice as Hull City beat Exeter City to reach the fourth round of the EFL Cup.
Plans to demolish a Denbighshire primary school have been approved.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte has been cleared of all charges relating to the takeover of the club.
Leeds United continued their unbeaten start to the League One season with victory over Luton Town.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has become the first person to be sentenced to life in prison.
League Two side Orient Orient have appointed former West Bromwich Albion assistant manager Paul Edwards as their new manager.
The parents of a man who died after being hit by a car have called for tougher sentences for drink-driving.
A man and a woman have been injured in a gun attack in Antrim, County Antrim.
England batsman Jason Roy says he did not realise he had broken the world record for the most first-class centuries in a one-day international.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Owens says he is ready to return to full-back for the Six Nations opener against France on Saturday.
England all-rounder Alastair Cook hit his first first-class century of the season as Essex beat Worcestershire by eight wickets in Abu Dhabi.
A man accused of plotting a terror attack in the US city of Manchester has described himself as a "Jihadi John".
Russia has cut the size of its military force in Syria, the country's defence ministry says.
World number one Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the French Open for the first time with a straight-set victory over Alexander Zverev.
A piece of debris has been found in a river in the Brazilian city of Recife, police say.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for plotting to kill British soldiers.
A woman jailed for stalking a student has had her sentence reduced to a minimum of three years.
At least eight people have been killed after a building collapsed in the Spanish island of Aragon.
St Johnstone's hopes of reaching the Europa League quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Lithuanian side Trakai.
Parents have been using social media to urge the government to clamp down on holiday prices.
Policemen in England and Wales are being asked to take part in a ballot on whether to continue working in private prisons.
League Two side Fulham have signed Belgian striker Cypriot on a season-long loan deal.
Donald Trump has been a controversial figure in the US presidential election campaign.
One of Germany's most famous artists, Cornelius Gurlitt, has died at the age of 90.
Stagecoach has announced plans to buy more than 1,000 new buses and coaches in the UK.
Granada have been relegated from the Spanish top flight for the second time in three seasons, according to manager Pedro Adams.
Two cars have been involved in a two-car crash in Powys.
Derbyshire's Moor Moor swimming pool has been closed to the public for more than a year.
An Oxford school has changed its name to Isis in response to the rise of so-called Islamic State (IS).
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
Mobile phones are being used to diagnose and diagnose hearing loss.
A woman has been charged with murder after a man died at a house in Essex.
Britain's Andy Murray has been ruled out of the rest of the year because of a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing coalition has broken away from the centre-left Social Democrats to form a coalition government.
A collection of Arthur Machen's works has been put up for sale in Newport.
A Pembrokeshire man has become the first person to break the world's longest playing ban.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a party.
Women in the UK are at greater risk of contracting malaria than those in the rest of the world, a leading charity has said.
The Green Party has unveiled its manifesto for the 2015 general election.
A draft of Labour's manifesto for the general election has been leaked.
As the leader of Plaid Cymru, Carwyn Wood has said she has a "unique selling point".
Unemployment in the UK has fallen to its lowest level since the general election, according to a new report.
Brentford Blaze have signed former Scotland Under-20 international Liam Williams on a two-year deal.
Championship club Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference for failing to pay their debts.
Police in India's capital, Delhi, have arrested a man suspected of murdering his wife and cutting her throat.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers have been freed after being kidnapped in the western city of Dhaka.
The mother of a toddler who died after being trapped in a burning car has appeared in court charged with his murder.
The UN's human rights investigators say they have published a list of the names of war criminals who have been killed in Syria.
A former clergyman has told a court he tried to hypnotise a group of boys in a trance, a court has heard.
A man and his wife have appeared in court charged with money laundering.
A cargo ship that capsized off the Isle of Man has arrived back on the island.
Plans to regenerate Swansea's waterfront have been submitted to Swansea City Council.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a nationwide protest against water bills in the Republic of Ireland.
Josh Taylor has been described as a "phenomenal" fighter by his trainer as he prepares to defend his IBF world welterweight title.
Archaeologists in South Africa say they have discovered a treasure trove of artefacts dating back to the Bronze Age.
The Irish economy grew at a faster pace than the rest of the eurozone last year, according to official figures.
The centre of Leeds is to be transformed into a "city centre" as part of a bid to become the city's next mayor.
Abertay University has been named the best university in the world for teaching computer games.
In the early hours of the morning, thousands of Scots gathered to vote in favour of independence from the UK.
A British man has been shot dead in Thailand, the Foreign Office has said.
Great Britain reached the semi-finals of the Rio Olympics with a 2-1 victory over Argentina.
Derby County have been left without a striker for the rest of the season because of a hamstring injury.
Two men have been charged with manslaughter after the death of a baby girl at a Lancashire takeaway.
A Cardiff council worker has been found guilty of stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account.
A Cardiff-based software firm has been awarded a £1m contract by the Welsh government.
North Korea has carried out a military exercise in South Korea, the country's state media report.
Thousands of Iranians have protested in Kabul against Iran's refusal to supply fuel to the Afghan government.
A new database of trees in cities has been created by a German university.
Wales fly-half Taulupe Faletau has been ruled out for the rest of the World Cup with a broken leg.
French Prime Minister Manuel Goulard has resigned as justice minister.
US comic book artist Steve Dillon has died at the age of 83.
Spain's Sergio Garcia and Jordan Spieth shared the lead after the final round of the Masters in Augusta, Georgia.
Astronomers have discovered new details about the bright spots on the dwarf planet Ceres.
A man has admitted causing the death of a motorcyclist by careless driving.
Saudi Arabia's foreign minister, Prince Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, has announced a new alliance to fight terrorism.
Uefa president Volodymyr Slutsky has called for a new head coach after Russia failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Championship side Rovers Rovers have signed defender Matt Broom on a season-long loan deal.
England batsman David Warner has been banned for three years after being found guilty of assaulting Australia batsman Joe Root.
Plans for a theme park and safari park have been approved.
Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai has been shot in the head in the southern province of Swat.
A former Scottish health and social care chief has been appointed as the chair of a review into the quality of care in Scotland.
A doctor who defrauded a patient out of more than £10,000 has been cleared of fraud.
A senior Bangladeshi politician has been sentenced to life in prison for war crimes, the country's highest court has ruled.
Ian Wakefield and James Keogh hit centuries as Leicestershire beat Northamptonshire by eight wickets in the second day of their One-Day Cup match.
Two men from Mold have been shortlisted for a prestigious award for bravery.
A Polish-language film has won best foreign language film at an international film festival.
Five men have been charged with slavery offences.
An Australian man has bought his first Star Wars home.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Scott Dorrans has signed a new three-year contract with Rangers.
A lifeboat crew from Portadown, County Antrim, has been rescued from a sinking boat.
A man has been jailed for life for causing the death of a 13-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash.
Human remains have been found in a Dundee canal, police have said.
South African President Jacob Zuma has announced a freeze on university fees for the rest of the year.
The new series of Atlantis has been launched on BBC One for the first time.
Online shoppers are expected to spend more than £1bn on goods and services on Black Friday this year, according to industry figures.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has landed on Mars for the first time.
More than a third of children in England have not received their first choice of primary school, official figures show.
A new exhibition celebrating the achievements of some of the world's leading figures has opened in Hull.
Defending champion Danny Hatton is one shot off the lead after the final round of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth.
A three-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a dog in a public place.
Award-winning Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has used Lego bricks to make a sculpture.
Former world champion Danica Zubica says he does not want to compete in Formula 1 again.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Jodie Foster has joined the line-up for this year's series of the show.
Partick Thistle have signed former Newcastle United and Charlton Athletic midfielder Yohan Sammon on loan until the end of the season.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has no regrets about resigning as prime minister.
More than half of children in England are using their mobile phones during the day, a study suggests.
A rare Rolls-Royce car once owned by actress Barbara Dors has sold for more than $1m (Â£1m).
A man has been found guilty of attempted murder.
The reintroduction of lynx to parts of Scotland could have a "huge impact" on wildlife, a wildlife charity has said.
John Lewis has opened its Edinburgh headquarters for the first time.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed former Crystal Palace and Crystal Palace midfielder Alex Huws on loan until the end of the season.
The family of Zoe Tynan, who died after being hit by a bus, have paid tribute to the "beautiful girl".
A Kenyan student has described how she and her fellow students were shot dead by gunmen in the capital, Addis Ababa.
A man who travelled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group has been jailed for three years.
The US says it has captured a senior member of the so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group in Iraq.
The shortlist for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year has been announced.
Harry Potter actress Hermione Granger has been confirmed as a black actress.
Former X Factor contestant Christopher Browne has been removed from Celebrity Big Brother, the BBC has confirmed.
The Danish government has changed the way it treats cancer patients.
Dozens of people have been evacuated from an Inverclyde beach following a discovery of an unexploded World War Two mine.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has called for the world governing body to be able to host the 2022 World Cup.
Championship side Harrow have appointed former Notts County midfielder John Eustusto as their new manager.
The bells of St Mary's Cathedral in London have been recreated for the first time.
Work is under way to restore two former buildings in Reading.
England scrum-half Alex Vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury.
Rail passengers have been warned to expect delays as heavy rain continues to batter parts of north Wales.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing a man to death.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
A group of humpback whales have been forced to swim off the coast of La Rochelle in the Faroe Islands.
Plans for a car park at a hospital have been put forward by a councillor.
Eurotunnel has cut the number of passengers queuing at the Channel Tunnel terminal in Calais.
India's women have dropped out of the workforce for the first time in more than a decade.
Stoke will be without three of their top four players for Saturday's Premier League game against Leicester City.
An Antrim County Antrim MP has been cleared of harassing a 14-year-old girl on social media.
A primary school that has been closed for more than two weeks has been reinstated.
Glasgow head coach Gregor Murray says his side are capable of reaching the Pro12 final for the first time.
A man has died and a woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
West Brom striker Issa Berahino has been fined £10,000 after being found guilty of drink-driving.
French actress Jean-Marie Lebeau, best known for her role in the French film Casablanca, has died at the age of 83.
Stoke City defender Jack Crosscross has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Voters in Ecuador's capital, Lima, have voted in a second round of the country's presidential election.
The England team will tour Bangladesh for the first time in more than a decade, the BBC understands.
Hundreds of thousands of emails belonging to US government agencies have been stolen by hackers, a security firm has said.
The UK government has agreed to meet the Northern Ireland and Northern Ireland governments to discuss the implications of Brexit, Brexit Secretary Liam Davis has said.
Dundee Stars head coach Paul LeFebvre says his side's success in the Elite League was a "huge achievement".
Olympic bronze medallist Hannah Smith says she is ready to compete for Great Britain at the European Championships in Norway.
Liverpool are in talks with a number of Premier League clubs over the future of striker Sadio Mane.
Dundee Museum has been officially opened to the public for the first time.
Tens of thousands of people have marched through Venice to protest against a rise in the number of tourists.
Two men have been jailed for their part in a fly-tipping scheme.
Six British soldiers have died in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
The Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has opened a new trade mission to China.
A year ago, Hong Kong's first pro-independence politician, Leung Yau, became the first woman to be elected to parliament.
Marcus Rashford scored twice as Manchester United reached the semi-finals of the Europa League with victory over Anderlecht.
Internet users in Africa are increasingly being targeted by cyber criminals, according to a new report.
More than half of voters in the UK voted to leave the European Union, a think tank has said.
As the Conservatives prepare to take on Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn in the general election, BBC Wales looks at some of the key issues facing the party in Wales.
British number one Johanna Konta says she has "a lot of work to do" after reaching the semi-finals of Wimbledon.
Barcelona midfielder Paulinho has signed a new three-year contract with Chinese side Evergrande.
More than 1,000 homes in Leeds have been affected by a water main problem.
One of the world's most popular holiday attractions has been forced to close.
Wales' First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she does not want to become a member of the European Parliament.
Ghana's government says it will stop paying nurses to work abroad because of a lack of qualified nurses.
The father of a man who died after being attacked by cattle in a field has called for better fencing in the area.
Comedian Simon Cowell has apologised after a van was stolen from the Liverpool Philharmonic.
Wayne Rooney is one of Manchester United's best-paid players.
Plymouth Argyle striker Chris Hartley says he thought he had been punched in the face as his side reached the semi-finals of the League Two play-off final.
Japan's Nikkei index rose to a fresh record high on Tuesday, after the country's economy grew at a faster pace than expected last month.
Australia-based energy firm Woodside Energy has reported better-than-expected quarterly profits.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at how small businesses are dealing with cybercrime.
Scotland's police forces will no longer be able to search children and young people under a new code of conduct.
A section of the Borders rail line has reopened after being closed for more than two hours.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (WRU) says it is concerned about the number of Welsh rugby players who have tested positive for drugs.
Pope Francis has apologised for referring to the Armenian genocide as "genocide".
Former world champion Lance Armstrong should be given a chance to prove he is a better man, says former world champion Paul Walsh.
It's one of the biggest festivals in the world.
Two RAF helicopters have been deployed to Inverness to carry out search and rescue operations.
Manchester City have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to comply with anti-doping rules.
Romania's lower house of parliament has passed a motion of no confidence in Prime Minister Victor Grindeanu.
Sky has said it is experiencing problems with internet connections in some parts of the UK.
Parliament has been criticised for failing to properly secure a key gate to the Houses of Parliament.
Three-quarters of patients with a rare form of leukaemia have been cured of the disease, a study has found.
A man has been charged with the murder of a backpacker who was stabbed to death in Townsville.
Barcelona striker Luis Suarez says he is "disappointed" Atletico Madrid have been sent off in the Champions League quarter-finals.
A County Antrim man is hoping to become the first person in the world to work in the video game industry.
Two men have been arrested after drugs worth more than £1m were seized in the French capital, Paris.
Jeremy Corbyn is one of the UK's most outspoken MPs.
Longford, County Londonderry, is one of Northern Ireland's best-known towns.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Russia for the first time, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
A Scottish military medal has been awarded to the last surviving crew of a World War One warship.
The introduction of fixed-fixing betting machines in England has been condemned by the Labour Party.
Ethiopian runner Hailemariam Gebrselassie has announced his retirement from running.
Japan's richest man, Shigeru Kita, has bought the country's biggest newspaper, the Nikkei.
Barcelona striker Luis Suarez has been cleared to play for the first time since he was banned from international football for four years.
Czech side Lithuania have signed Lithuania international Lukasz Sernas on a two-year deal.
The US National Football League (USSF) has said it will introduce new rules to protect young players from concussions.
Sky has raised its offer for its parent company, 21st Century Fox, to more than double its previous offer.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation.
Police have released CCTV images of two men they want to trace after a shopkeeper was robbed at knifepoint.
Tens of thousands of teenagers have taken part in the Dartmoor Tondo challenge.
The Northern Ireland loan portfolio is sold to a US investment fund for $1.24bn (Â£1.3bn).
A man who died after getting into difficulty in freezing water has been named by police.
Police are investigating allegations of historical sexual abuse at a school in Inverness.
Tributes have been paid to former Newcastle midfielder Tiago Tiote, who died at the age of 28.
Japan's Nikkei index has closed lower for the second day in a row.
US smartphone maker Blackberry has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year.
Aberdeen-based firm Proserv has signed two new contracts to develop subsea subsea control systems.
The National Teachers' Association (NTSA) has recommended a 1% pay rise for all teachers in England and Wales.
Voters across Europe have voted overwhelmingly in favour of Prime Minister David Cameron in the European Parliament election.
Mae cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe wedi cael ei ddechrau yn Cymru.
Liverpool's mayor has said he will hold a referendum on whether to raise council tax.
The United Nations has called on the US government to suspend a quota for the amount of corn it produces.
The size of soft drinks can make it harder for people to finish their drinks, a study suggests.
League Two side Morecambe have signed striker Alex Dugdale and midfielder Luke Cole on free transfers.
A crowdfunding website set up by the creator of fantasy-themed video games, Mythos, has been suspended.
A man accused of carrying out last year's Boston Marathon bombings has told a court that his body was covered in shrapnel.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the NHS in England.
The family of a gay man who died at a Mississippi funeral parlour have filed a lawsuit against his funeral home.
A virtual reality tour of some of Nottingham's most famous caves has been launched.
The mother of a toddler who died after being left in a car for three hours has been found guilty of careless driving, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have discovered a new way to stop cancer spreading in the body.
Worcestershire's Laura Brunt took four wickets as the Women's Big Bash League team lost to the Perth Thunder in the semi-finals.
The Scottish National Party's victory in the Dundee and Hamilton by-election is a "wake-up call", according to the local papers.
The former home of author Helen Bell has been put up for sale.
Former Soviet oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he wants to return to Russia to fight against President Vladimir Putin.
Cladding used on the Grenfell Tower fire has been found to be unsafe, the government has said.
North Korea has become the first country in the world to launch a new high-quality alcohol.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Rob Richards says his side's defence needs to improve if they are to beat London Irish at the World Cup.
A seven-year-old boy has been left stranded on a bus in Powys for more than a week.
US President Donald Trump has said he will not withdraw from the Paris climate agreement.
The body of a soldier who died during a training exercise has been found at a hospital, an inquest has heard.
Google is working on a new way to detect cancer in the blood.
Ghana coach Paul Grant says he has no problem with fans criticising his team's performances.
League Two side Morecambe have signed striker Jordan Edwards on a season-long loan deal.
A carer who stole more than £1,000 from a disabled man has been jailed.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has called for a 48-team World Cup to be expanded.
The mother of Arlene Arkinson has accused police of failing to investigate her disappearance.
More than half of the over-75s in England are unable to afford health care, a report has found.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man in Glasgow.
Dozens of people have been killed in air strikes by Saudi-led coalition forces in Yemen, activists say.
A motion of no confidence has been passed in the Republic of Ireland Assembly calling for the cancellation of a republican rally in Dublin.
Rory Rea secured his first victory of the season as he finished second in the Belgian Grand Prix.
The US says it has agreed to release more than 1,000 prisoners held at the former Bagram prison in Afghanistan.
Oscar-winning director Danny Boyle has won the best director award at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards.
Nigeria's army has launched a major offensive against Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
Former sports editor Peter Corrigan has died at the age of 83.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year-old boy was attacked in a street.
Olympic champion Michael Latham has become the first British rider to win a medal at the World Triathlon Championships in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have been named as the defending champions of the Welsh Premiership for the first time.
Kate Richardson is to play Lucia Lucia in a new series of children's television series.
The family of one of Liverpool's most famous footballers, Joseph Oey, have paid tribute to him.
A 16-year-old boy has been jailed for stealing a taxi driver's machete.
England beat Netherlands 1-0 to maintain their unbeaten start to the Women's Euro 2017 campaign.
Bath have signed Dragons prop Jonny Evans on a two-year deal.
British sailor Hugo Thomson has broken his own world record for the fastest boat to complete the Cape of Good Hope.
The Australian parliament has voted to condemn US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's use of the word "slug".
Olympic gold medallist Michael Redgrave and Paralympic champion Chris Hoy will broadcast live coverage of the 2016 Games on BBC Sport.
The owner of a decommissioned oil rig which was grounded for more than a year has been fined £1m by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA).
The closure of a lorry park on the M20 in Kent has been described as a "national disgrace".
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was shot dead in Cardiff.
England beat West Indies by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20.
Former South African police officer Walter Coetzee has died at the age of 83.
Six people have been charged in connection with the Hillsborough disaster, Prime Minister Theresa May has announced.
Archaeological evidence has been uncovered at a school in Inverness.
In the centre of the German city of Bremen, there is a sense of unease.
The Workers' Party has said it will appeal against the Electoral Commission's decision to limit the number of candidates in the general election.
The owner of a van that was set alight in a hotel has described how the van he was in was set on fire.
A six-year-old girl has been injured in a "horrific" explosion on a train at a theme park.
A man has died after falling from a tree in central London.
The number of people with visual impairment in the world is expected to double by 2050, according to a new study.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says his side's 2-1 friendly defeat by Nigeria in Warsaw was a "wake-up call" for the country.
A man has admitted carrying a loaded gun at a primary school in Worcestershire.
Hundreds of Polish people have gathered in London to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Broadband providers in England and Wales are to stop misleading customers about their broadband bills.
A man has been arrested in connection with a knife attack at a Borders Post Office.
The introduction of corporation tax in Northern Ireland will have a "major impact" on the economy, a trade body has said.
Part of a popular beach in Bournemouth has been closed after a large rock fell on it.
League Two side Halifax Town have signed striker Lee Williams on a two-year deal.
A man who sexually assaulted a teenage girl has been deported to the UK.
The Liberal Democrats have won all three of their remaining seats in the House of Commons.
Plans to cut the number of council offices in Edinburgh have been approved by councillors.
The mother of Liam Payne has told a court that her son's death was due to a lack of support from social workers.
US President Donald Trump has signed a new travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Australia is to introduce new laws to make it easier for dual nationals to fight in the fight against terrorism.
Four soldiers have been found guilty of obstructing a military parade by refusing to wear a uniform.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being sexually assaulted in a Glasgow pub.
Hip-hop star Joey Hart has revealed he is working on a new album.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the third round of the Australian Open for the first time with a straight-set victory over France's Lucas Pouille.
Former Minnesota Vikings defensive end Jared Allen has retired from the NFL.
League Two side Wigan Athletic have signed defender Luke Dunkley on loan until the end of the season.
The world's oceans could be at the centre of a global debate about how to protect them.
A coroner's inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash will publish its findings by the end of the year.
The deputy first minister, Jonathan Bell, has denied allegations that he had links to the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI).
The performance of the police control centre in Dumfries and Galloway has improved since it was shut, a report has found.
Plans for a new railway line between Hawick and Carlisle have been submitted to the Scottish government.
A farmer has won a legal challenge against a plan to install two poles on a farm in Ceredigion.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino is the best striker in the Premier League, says manager Tony Pulis.
Hundreds of ewes have been created to mark the reopening of a lake in the Lake District.
England defender Gary Cahill says his side's Euro 2016 qualifier defeat by Spain in Alicante was an "insult".
A gold pendant dating back to the Roman era has been found in Norwich.
UKIP's deputy leader has said he has no intention of quitting the party.
Plans to reduce the number of cyclists in Cardiff have been unveiled by the city council.
A mother and daughter have become the first female umpires in Northern Ireland.
Hundreds of people have marched through Calderdale to protest against a council's handling of historical child abuse cases.
Police are searching for a man who was shot dead in a car in County Londonderry last week.
Hundreds of caterpillars have been found hanging from a tree in Lancashire.
A paedophile who sexually abused children at his home has been jailed for five years.
Brentford maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over fellow strugglers Bolton Wanderers.
The family of a boy who went missing more than a year ago have said they believe they have found his car.
Lancashire batsman Matt Davies hit his first first-class century of the season as Derbyshire took control on day two against Lancashire.
Ghana reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Congo DR.
Fourteen people have been arrested after a football match between Aston Villa and Leicester ended in violence.
Photographs of the devastation caused by the Manchester bombing have been released by the Ministry of Defence.
Sam Solomona scored a hat-trick as Widnes beat Castleford to reach the Super League quarter-finals for the first time.
Sony Pictures has been caught up in a massive cyber-attack.
A convicted rapist who threatened to kill a police officer and his ex-girlfriend has been found guilty of attempted murder, an inquest heard.
People with chronic illnesses are more likely to suffer from mental health problems, a study suggests.
The International Ski Federation (ISF) has suspended the suspension of six Russian athletes for failing anti-doping tests.
Australia's biggest bank, the Royal Bank of Scotland, has set aside more than £1bn to cover the loss of the Clydesdale bank.
A zebra has died after being shot in the head at a golf course in western Japan.
A fire has broken out at a hospital in the Scottish Borders.
French President Francois Hollande has refused to shake hands with the victims of the Paris attacks.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing African police officers.
A rare edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf has gone on display for the first time.
Human footprints have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion.
The head of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has been accused of being involved in a corruption scandal.
League Two side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Matt Rachubka on a season-long loan deal.
Jamaica has agreed to grant £300m to the UK government to build a new prison for foreign criminals.
Bangladesh's central bank has been criticised for failing to prevent hackers from accessing the bank's network.
Brighton have signed former Arsenal midfielder Steve Sidwell on a season-long loan deal.
A year ago, Derek Foster was criticised by a fan who called him "the worst player in the world".
A major energy firm has announced plans to expand its operations in Aberdeen.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam Payne at Wimbledon for the first time.
Universities in England are being urged not to advertise tuition fees above £9,250.
A man has been charged with grievous bodily harm following the death of a man in a pub.
Mae'r llywodraeth wedi gefnogi'r cynllun yn dalu benderfynu mlaen, yn ôl yn fyddraeth ar y ffigyrau.
Huddersfield reached the second round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable victory over Norwich.
Manchester City manager Jose Mourinho says the absence of Sergio Aguero will make it difficult for his side to cope with the pressure of the Premier League derby.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says he is ready to return to the Premier League.
Sri Lanka all-rounder Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has been ruled out of the first leg of their Europa League semi-final against Rosenborg.
The number of people attending music festivals in Dumfries and Galloway has increased, according to a new report.
Violence at a maximum-security prison in Northumberland has increased in recent years, according to a report.
Ireland scrum-half Joe O'Connell has been named as the new head coach of Ireland at the Six Nations.
The world's largest carving competition has been held in Scotland for the first time.
A group of religious orders in Lancashire has called for an end to corporal punishment in schools.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key moments in the EU referendum campaign.
The UK's energy industry has been criticised by the competition watchdog for not doing enough to tackle rising energy bills.
DJ Tumble has been announced as the headline act for this year's Dorset Festival.
Newcastle Falcons prop Ben Brookes has been banned for three games after being charged with striking a player in the face during Saturday's Premiership match.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has condemned the Grenfell Tower fire as a "national tragedy".
The founder of one of the world's most popular digital currencies, Bitcoin, has resigned.
A biker has died after a crash on a motorway in Lancashire.
A group of Mexican schoolgirls have won a prestigious international competition in Mexico.
Ospreys maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point victory over Treviso.
The Scottish government has urged people to take advantage of the "unprecedented" winter weather.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with a ruptured appendix.
The use of public key cryptography in the US has been described as one of the greatest inventions of the 20th Century.
The German bank Deutsche Boerse has said that a Labour government would lead to the collapse of the UK's financial system.
Activity in the US construction sector slowed last month, according to a closely watched survey.
Boxers in the Democratic Republic of Congo are taking part in a series of events to mark the 70th anniversary of the birth of boxing legend Muhammad Ali.
It's been a week since the Grenfell Tower fire.
Housing is a huge problem for young people in England.
South African airline Aer Lingus has cancelled all of its flights to and from the UK.
A car carrying members of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) has exploded in the Turkish capital, Ankara, killing at least eight people, officials say.
Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie has died at the age of 90.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed to death in Oxford.
Partick Thistle will face Ballinamallard Rangers in the Scottish Premiership play-off semi-final on Saturday.
Ukraine's pro-Ukrainian military and pro-Russian rebel groups have been accused of using cyber-attacks to gain access to state media.
A man has been found with a knife and a knuckle knuckle at Edinburgh Airport.
Tata Steel is set to sell its Scunthorpe steelworks to a private equity firm.
World number one Phil Mickelson shot a four-under-par 65 in the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
London's transport system has been hit by a series of problems.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed higher on Thursday, boosted by a rise in the price of travel goods.
Prison violence in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Dog-walking in Scotland should be banned, according to a new guidance.
The founder of a campaign to find bone marrow donors in the US has visited the House of Representatives.
The Welsh Government is set to announce its budget for the next three years.
A lorry has crashed into a house in Shrewsbury.
England scrum-half Alex Healy has been ruled out of the rest of the British and Irish Lions tour to Argentina after fracturing his leg.
Malaysia's state-owned investment fund, 1MDB, has been in the spotlight for years.
Plans to build more than 1,000 new affordable homes in Glasgow have been approved by councillors.
The price of oil has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than two years.
Campaigners have criticised the Welsh government's decision to close a youth unemployment scheme for six months.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in an anti-Donald Trump rally in Belfast.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in a garden.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap in the Scottish workforce has been launched.
A 92-year-old woman who had to wait more than three weeks to be admitted to hospital has been told she will not be admitted again.
French far-right National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen has been charged by the European Parliament with fraud.
The UK's pay threshold for foreign workers living in the UK will rise to £10,000 by 2020, the government has announced.
Britannia has been named the best yacht in Scotland for the first time.
A union representing London Underground staff has accused the London Underground (LU) of misleading them about its plans for night-only services.
A World War Two fort in Carmarthenshire is to open to the public for the first time.
More than 1,000 homes in Wrexham have been damaged by flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been charged with corruption.
The EU and Turkey have agreed a deal aimed at ending the flow of refugees to Turkey.
Transgender people should not be allowed to travel to the US because of new anti-discrimination laws, the UN has said.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says he believes the club's future in the Premier League is in doubt.
A man's body has been found at a house in Londonderry.
Derby County suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by fellow strugglers Derby County.
Two-thirds of the time a ball is thrown in the wrong direction, a study suggests.
Warwickshire all-rounder Liam Thornton has signed new two-year contracts with the Championship club.
The Vote Leave campaign has been accused of making a "misleading" claim about the future of the EU.
Forecasters have issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow in parts of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he does not expect any players to leave the club this summer.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has said he has no intention of becoming the next president of the world governing body.
One of the most common causes of birth defects is meningitis.
Former darts player Eric Bristow has been sacked by Newcastle United following comments he made about historical sex abuse.
A man and a woman have been charged with the murder of a 19-year-old man who was stabbed to death.
The BBC has announced plans to create a "bigger, bolder and bolder" online service.
Home Depot has reported stronger-than-expected sales in the first three months of the year.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed striker Nyal Bell on loan until the end of the season.
A court in Turkey's capital, Ankara, has opened an inquest into the deaths of dozens of workers at a coal mine.
Iraqi air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Mosul have failed, the Ministry of Defence has said.
World number one Andy Murray beat Argentine Milos Melo in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempting to smuggle a pipe bomb into Greenwich station during a security alert.
A court in India's western state of Uttar Pradesh has sentenced four Sikh men to death for allegedly trying to kill a group of Hindu pilgrims.
A leading Chinese academic has called for a radical change in the way Chinese schools are taught.
A shake-up of the way the UK's top bosses are paid has been proposed by the government.
A former Fife shipyard has been bought by a private equity firm.
A new reconstruction of the murder of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester has been unveiled.
A 15-year-old girl who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Two members of the County Antrim Police and Crime Commissioner (DCC) have resigned.
Chelsea have appointed former Manchester United boss Guus Hiddink as their new manager.
Britain's Laura Broady and Heather Watson have reached the semi-finals of the women's doubles at Wimbledon.
Australia maintained their 100% start to the World Cup with a convincing victory over New Zealand at Anfield.
A water lagoon which has been closed for more than a year due to a water main fault has reopened.
Tens of thousands of people have signed a petition calling for a Victorian mill in Kirkcaldy to be saved.
The vice-chancellor of Oxford University has called for a radicalisation of universities.
The Lego Movie has been named best film at the annual Screen Actors Guild (SAG) awards.
The chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council has resigned.
South Korea's Lydia Ko shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the US Women's Open.
Former Bank of England chief executive Joe Garner has resigned.
Celtic have signed Kilmarnock defender Jack Waters on a season-long loan.
Hundreds of people have signed a letter opposing plans to merge a Gwynedd primary school and a secondary school.
A man has been jailed for four years after being found guilty of conspiring to smuggle illegal firearms into the UK.
The New Horizons probe has begun its final flyby of Pluto.
Former Wasps scrum-half Dan Cipriani has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
The UK government has given the go-ahead for a controversial nuclear power plant in Somerset.
Defending champions Aldershot suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw at Grimsby.
McDonald's has said it will stop serving fries in Japan until the end of the year.
Wales scrum-half Sam Roberts has signed a new three-year contract with Cambridge University.
Judges in England and Wales should be given more time to deal with sexual offences, a leading human rights body has said.
Wigan Athletic have signed former Crewe Alexandra defender Luke Powell on a two-year deal.
Austria's centre-right party has been sworn in as the country's next prime minister.
When Jordan Spieth became the youngest golfer to win the Masters, it was a dream come true.
Taxpayers who have failed to renew their tax credits for more than a year are being urged to do so again.
Bolton Wanderers have appointed former Bolton Wanderers boss Paul Wilder as their new manager.
Scottish Hockey League leaders Dundee United are in the midst of a three-game losing streak.
The world's largest container ship, the MSC Oscar, has arrived at a Suffolk port.
Glamorgan maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship with victory over Gloucestershire at Glamorgan.
Schools in England are facing a funding shortfall of more than £1bn over the next five years, a union has said.
Land Rover has unveiled a new version of its Defender.
Southampton defender Vincent Kompany has agreed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club, says manager Claude Puel.
Dutch paint maker Akzo Nobel has rejected a takeover offer from Dutch rival PPG.
Partick Thistle beat Hibernian 3-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Scottish League Cup.
A human rights group has called for urgent action to halt the blockade of a key port in Yemen by Houthi rebels.
United Airlines has said it will stop operating Northern Ireland's only direct flight to the United States.
South Africa's national team needs to improve if they are to qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations, says head coach Paul Mashaba.
Russia's state news agency, Wikipedia, has launched a new website dedicated to the country's history.
In the early 1990s, British bobsleigh world champion Michael Fearon thought he would never be able to compete again.
Scott Boyd says he does not think a Celtic-Dumfries Cup match could be played in the United States.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a two-year-old girl was killed in a crash in Greater Manchester.
Swansea City have signed Southampton striker Jordan Gent on a season-long loan deal.
A 10-year-old boy has been named Yorkshire's Sports Personality of the Year.
It's been a year since the Copenhagen climate talks, but how much attention has been paid to the issue?
David Ginola has launched a campaign to challenge Fifa president Sepp Blatter.
British number one Heather Doherty and world number one Laura Doherty will play in the first qualifying round of the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible.
It was one of the best days of cricket in the world.
Burkina Faso coach Michel Duarte says he is confident his squad will be fit for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
A police officer fired a Taser at a man suspected of setting himself on fire, an inquest has heard.
Talks between Southern rail and the RMT have been suspended.
More than 1,000 people have been displaced by wildfires in California, state officials say.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Watson.
Police in the US state of California say they have found a message written on the body of a woman they are searching for.
A children's swimming pool in Reading has been put up for sale.
It's that time of year again!
The family of a woman who died after being hit by a bus have paid tribute to her.
Northern Ireland's Paul Hadwin shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the Northern Ireland Open.
An anti-Sinn FÃ©in activist group has called for a second Orange parade to be held in Londonderry.
A Scottish oak has been named Scotland's national tree of the year.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Irvine has announced he is retiring from cycling.
Manchester United defender Luke Young says he has been given a "massive boost" by manager Louis van Gaal.
India's Kudankalank nuclear plant has been fully operational for the first time, state media report.
A coroner's inquest into the death of a woman who had an operation on a broken leg has been told there was "no reason" for her death.
Ospreys head coach Danny Tandy says he is "disappointed" with refereeing after his side lost to Ospreys in the Pro12.
Nuclear safety improvements at HM Naval Base Devonport will take "several years" to be completed, a watchdog has said.
A man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of two people in Dumfries and Galloway.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a playground.
Blackburn Rovers striker Jack Adams has had his appeal against his red card overturned.
A murder investigation is under way after the bodies of a man and his wife were found in a flat.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has called for the introduction of animals to hospital wards.
Children should be warned not to buy stimulant laxatives, a charity has said.
The UK's ambassador to the European Union has said he wants the UK to remain a member of the EU.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are investigating the identity of a man suspected of being involved in the London terror attacks.
Education Secretary Alun Cairns has said he is "disappointed" that the Welsh Government will not be in charge of teaching in England.
Two teenagers have been taken to hospital after being involved in a two-car crash in Inverness.
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new Holocaust exhibition in Warsaw.
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has more than doubled in the last five years, figures show.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Ennis-Hill is taking part in a series of running and running events in London.
A tank carrying members of the Norwegian military has collided with a tank during a training exercise in Norway, police say.
At a mosque in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Kano, the Islamist militant group Boko Haram has carried out a series of attacks on worshippers.
Italian police have seized more than 1m euros (£1.5m; $1.3m) of illegal gambling assets in the city of Calabria.
Two Dutch men have been sentenced to three years in jail in Singapore for defecating on a train.
A project to protect Anglesey's Rhondda Cynon Taff has been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has condemned a US missile strike on a Syrian airbase, saying it was a "provocative act of aggression".
The Belfast Giants have announced that they will play the London Elite League champions in a pre-season friendly.
The family of a British man who was arrested in Turkey on suspicion of being a member of the so-called Islamic State group have said they are "devastated" by his arrest.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of the first female Olympic gold medallist.
Chris Stevens hit a career-best century as Kent beat Essex by eight wickets on day two of the One-Day Cup at Canterbury.
The head of Lebanon's Hezbollah militant group has told the BBC that it will provide aid to Syrian rebels fighting against the government.
Former Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond has said he does not know when the Scottish independence referendum will take place.
Roads have been closed after a large fire broke out in a block of flats.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Cameras have been installed in Wrexham to allow police officers to record their actions.
Former South African President Nelson Mandela has completed a record number of marathons.
Celtic striker Scott Allan would be a "dream signing" for the Scottish Premiership club, according to former Rangers midfielder Gary Ferguson.
Tributes have been left at the home of a woman who was found dead in her cell.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt says his side's performance in their Six Nations defeat by Argentina was a "massive improvement".
The father of a four-year-old boy who went missing from a military base in Japan has said he has forgiven his son for abandoning him.
A 90-year-old man has been banned from driving for three years after being found guilty of drink-driving.
The owners of a former Denbighshire hospital have been ordered to pay more than £1m in legal fees.
An Israeli police officer has been suspended after a video emerged showing him kicking a lorry driver in the head.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says Michael Carrick is the best player in the Premier League.
A modelling agency has been criticised for posting a "sexist" advert on its website.
More than half of people in England believe Jesus was real, according to a survey by the Church of England.
The graves of a Wrexham soldier who died in a World War One shell explosion have been uncovered for the first time.
The mother of Lord Janner has called for an independent inquiry into allegations of historical child sex abuse.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at rallies across the US.
Children who read more than they did in childhood have better vocabulary than those who read less, a study suggests.
National League side Grimsby Town have parted company with manager Paul Davis.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Scotland's Attorney General Mark Matheson is to hold a meeting to discuss the impact of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Tens of thousands of people in Vanuatu have been left without food and water after Cyclone Pam hit the island.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape and murder of a woman in a German city.
Coventry City continued their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Barnet.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says his side's poor start to the season is due to a lack of goals.
In 1940, Kanu Gandhi, the founder of the Mahatma Gandhi movement, was living in a remote village in the western Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
A man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted in Edinburgh.
A woman has called on the Welsh government to take action over the collapse of a Welsh telecoms firm.
A former Milton Keynes mayor has resigned after being accused of sexually assaulting a taxi driver.
World number one Dustin Dufner shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the BMW Championship.
A council has defended its decision to ban cyclists from entering Mansfield city centre.
Leipzig has been praised for the bravery of two Syrian refugees caught up in the so-called Islamic State (IS) attack.
The average age of the UK's richest people has risen by more than 10% in the past five years, according to a study.
Spain's left-wing Podemos party has won the second round of the country's presidential election.
Liverpool have signed Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for an undisclosed fee.
A 16-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a woman was raped at a railway station.
Oil giant BP has said that the price of oil is going to rise in the coming years.
More than 1,000 pupils have been sent home after failing to comply with a school's strict dress code.
Indian actor Bollywood star Anushka Sharma is to make a film about her life in the north-eastern Indian state of Assam.
Plans for a new Queensferry Crossing bridge have been delayed after a fatal accident.
Campaigners have called for a ban on smacking children under the age of 12.
Wukan, a village in the north-eastern Chinese province of Guangdong, has been declared a state of emergency.
In our series of letters from African journalists, I have been trying to come up with a word to describe the US presidential election campaign.
One of the UK's largest manufacturers of washing machines has been awarded more than £1m in government funding.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has accused US President Barack Obama of failing to support the Libyan government in its fight against Muammar Gaddafi.
A Northern Ireland man has gone on trial accused of killing two British soldiers during a shoot-to-kill operation in the 1980s.
A South Korean court has sentenced a former US missionary to life in prison for trying to overthrow the North Korean government.
Motherwell have signed striker Dom Thomas on a season-long loan from Motherwell.
Salford Red Devils kept alive their hopes of reaching the Super League play-offs with a hard-fought victory over Widnes Vikings.
Former EastEnders actress Barbara Williams is to play Barbara Black in a biopic about her life.
Dozens of soldiers in Ivory Coast have been shot dead in the capital, Ouagadougou, as part of a nationwide mutiny.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have abolished a tax on tampons and pads.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the government's economic plan for the UK is "not working".
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at some of the key issues facing the Conservative Party.
Plaid Cymru has set out its manifesto for the next five years.
Plans for a new school in Sheffield have been approved by councillors.
The price of Scottish pig meat has fallen by more than 50% in the past year, according to a trade body.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the top fashion brands in the world.
Six men have been jailed for stealing more than £1m from railway cables.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to six months in jail for throwing eggs at his family.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Scotland looks at the challenges facing children with disabilities in Scotland.
Leigh Centurions have appointed full-back Keiron Cunningham as their new head coach.
Singer Rod Temperton, best known for his work with Michael Jackson, has died at the age of 83.
England all-rounder Jade Taylor has been ruled out of the first two one-day internationals against Pakistan and India.
Anthony Zohore's first-half strike was enough to give Burton Albion victory over Cardiff City.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a woman who was hit by a bus.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has been taken to hospital after suffering a heart attack.
High speed cameras are to be installed on all major motorways in Scotland for the first time.
England's Moeen Ali took a career-best five wickets as South Africa took control of the second Test at Edgbaston.
Amputee football is one of the most popular sports in the world.
The bodies of two soldiers killed in a suicide bomb attack in Afghanistan have been found, an inquest has heard.
Ospreys fly-half Owen Jones says he is not worried about the future of the Ospreys after agreeing a new two-year deal.
Gardeners' World co-presenter Monty Don has called for the UK's supermarkets to cut the price of garden produce.
A 16-year-old girl has been rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
Oscar Pistorius has denied killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Israel's education ministry says it is investigating claims that some of the country's leading travel agencies paid for Holocaust memorials.
Bradford maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season with victory over Oldham.
Paris St-Germain have signed former Netherlands and Real Madrid midfielder Marcel Smeijder for an undisclosed fee.
A second-half hat-trick helped Dover to a 2-1 victory over Chester in the National League.
Protests have been held in Falmouth over student accommodation.
Work has begun on a major upgrade of the M74 motorway.
A new treatment centre in Rhondda Cynon Taff could be set up in Wrexham.
Ed Miliband has said he will not support a Labour government if it wins the general election.
A record number of weddings have taken place in Gretna, Scotland.
A mother-of-two who went missing more than a year ago has told police she wants to be reunited with her son.
Plans for a new medium school in Haverfordshire have been approved by councillors.
It's been a busy week for children in England.
A six-year-old boy who was bitten by a dog has been awarded more than £10,000 in compensation.
A 14-year-old boy has died after falling from a statue of the Red Red Red Bull.
House prices in England and Wales have risen by more than 10% in the past year, according to the latest figures from the Halifax.
A flag from the Battle of the Somme has been valued at more than £1m at auction.
A British student who was held in the United Arab Emirates for more than a year has said he has been tortured.
A former member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has won a legal challenge to the seizure of his personal files.
Russia's Alexander Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic gold medal after failing a drugs test.
Antoine Griezmann scored twice as Watford came from behind to beat Nottingham Forest at Vicarage Road.
The Welsh government has been urged to spread the message of "peace and hope" during the festive period.
The governing body of the PGA Tour has called on the sport to comply with the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
Have you ever wondered what it feels like to be a stranger?
CCTV footage of the Sydney cafe siege has been released by the Australian government.
Two Royal Navy frigates have been put up for sale at a Devon shipyard.
Salford Red Devils have signed Hull KR prop Tyrone McCarthy on a two-year deal.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker in Lincoln.
The world's largest chemical weapons watchdog has said it has reached a deadline to declare all of Syria's chemical weapons stockpiles.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis could improve the quality of life for thousands of patients, say doctors.
A Grade II-listed bookshop has been forced to close because of cracks in its walls.
The UK's biggest supermarket, Asda, is to cut the price of milk by up to 10p a litre.
Members of the House of Commons have voted against plans to allow English MPs to veto English-only laws.
A man has been jailed for a minimum of six years for posting racist comments on social media.
Cyprus is set to vote on a bailout deal with the European Union, the country's president has said.
A group of climbers have climbed two of the highest peaks on the Cairngorms in the Highlands.
A CCTV camera has been installed on a busy dual carriageway in Cardiff, the city council has said.
The inquest into the Manchester Arena attack has been adjourned until the end of the year.
The Department for Transport (DfT) has been awarded more than £1m in damages for failing to honour a bid for a new dual carriageway.
Mae cynllunio cynlluniau penodol wedi eu cwblhau aml-lawr o'r bont i gerddwyr.
A doctor has been jailed for five years after being found guilty of grievous bodily harm with intent.
Two disabled people have won a legal challenge against the government over delays in processing their benefits.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been accused of failing to tackle tax evasion in the House of Commons.
Gun shots have been fired in the German capital, Berlin, during the Ascension Day celebrations.
Teachers in Northern Ireland have rejected a new offer from the Department of Education.
More than half of nurseries in England say they will not be able to deliver free childcare, a survey suggests.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at why flamingos are so prone to resting on one leg.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a pedestrian in Londonderry.
Workers on the London Underground's Night Tube service have voted in favour of a new deal.
The mother of missing toddler Madeleine McCann has become the first person in the world to complete a three-day challenge to find missing children.
A Turkish woman has been arrested on suspicion of insulting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Two lifeboats have been involved in a search for a lifeboat that went missing near the Glamorgan Bridge.
Plans for a new Marks and Spencer store have been approved.
The International Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (IOC) has condemned Venezuela's Supreme Court's decision to suspend the country's parliament.
A rise in the cost of caring for older people in Wales is a "wake-up call", the Welsh government has said.
A 19-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a gang of men in Greater Manchester.
Scotland's busiest airports have reported record passenger numbers for the first three months of the year.
The global economy is at a critical juncture, according to the head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
In the early hours of Thursday morning, the banks in Cyprus were closed.
Two US dentists have been charged with the murder of a lion in Zimbabwe.
Canadian soldiers have clashed with members of a far-right group at a ceremony marking Canada Day.
The Conservatives have been elected as the new MP for Stoke-on-Trent.
At least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, state media say.
A bus driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a wall.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman he met online.
The number of greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to new figures.
The story of King Arthur is one of the most important stories in the history of Welsh literature.
The HS2 high-speed rail link between Birmingham and Coventry could be shut for up to four years, a trade group has warned.
A lorry driver has been found guilty of causing the deaths of a mother and her daughter.
Sports Direct boss Ashley Ashley has been accused of breaching parliamentary rules by refusing to appear before MPs.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in a house fire.
People in east London are being offered free access to a tree in a bid to improve the city's parks.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has reversed his decision to strip the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge of the Queen's knighthood.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks to win the Super Bowl for the second year in a row.
A Welsh actor who played Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film has revealed he has no idea who he is.
Benedicic has signed a new three-year contract with Serie A side AC Milan.
Work on a new £1m arts centre in north Wales has been halted because of waterlogged walls, a worker has said.
When I arrived at the Malibu National Wildlife Refuge in California, I was greeted with a mixture of anger and relief.
The family of a 13-year-old girl who died after being attacked by a mentally ill man have said they will not continue running a children's charity until the end of the year.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
Police in the Ardoyne area of Londonderry have clashed with members of the Orange Order.
Bev has rejected a takeover offer from the world's biggest brewer, AB InBev.
One of the world's most famous humpback whales, Migaloo, has been spotted in Australia.
Scottish Finance Secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government will cut spending by more than £30bn over the next five years.
A Danish journalist has been sentenced to four years in prison for selling information about celebrities.
Manchester United defender Adam Andrew has been given a four-match ban for violent conduct during Saturday's FA Cup semi-final with Arsenal.
Northamptonshire batsman James Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Manchester United midfielder Nani says the club's players need to improve if they are to avoid relegation from La Liga.
Everton boss Sam Allardyce says England captain Joe Hart's future will be decided by the end of the season.
Michael O'Shea's late equaliser earned Port Vale victory over Port Vale.
China's imports fell sharply in the first three months of the year, according to official data.
A Conservative peer has been found guilty of sending a racist message to immigration campaigner Joanna Miller.
The number of people killed by drink-driving in Scotland has more than doubled in a year, new figures show.
The impact of the UK's vote to leave the European Union has been underestimated, according to a new survey.
Manchester United will be without four players for Sunday's FA Cup third-round tie with Manchester United.
France's far-right presidential candidate has won the first round of the country's presidential election.
Parents who spend more time with their children are more likely to improve their children's cognitive skills, a study suggests.
The government has said it will continue to fund free infant free meals for all children in England.
Pembrokeshire council could be forced to cut the number of black bin bags it accepts.
A man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murders of four cats in San Francisco last year.
A Gloucestershire football club has gone vegetarian for the first time.
Partick Thistle have signed former Dundee United midfielder Paul van van vananten on a two-year deal.
World number one Serena Williams beat world number one Novak Djokovic in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the French Open.
MSPs have voted in favour of a radical change to council tax bands in Scotland.
Burnley will be without injured midfielder Jack Wilshere for the first time since the end of the season.
West Bromwich Albion have rejected a bid to sign Manchester City midfielder Victor Evans for an undisclosed fee.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a British serviceman who was killed in World War One.
Jodie Johnson-Thompson became the first British woman to win a medal at the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
A French man who survived the Paris terror attack has spoken of his "terrifying" ordeal.
One of the world's rarest tortoises has died at a San Diego zoo.
The US women's football team will take part in a parade in New York to celebrate their victory in the World Cup semi-final.
The bodies of two brothers have been found at their home in County Mayo.
A former police officer has been jailed for eight years for sexually abusing children on a mobile phone.
Plans for a new centre for young people in Ceredigion have been given the go-ahead.
Rare Dambusters have been sold at auction for more than £1m.
Burglars are being served with bacon and eggs to celebrate Wimbledon.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's future with the Baggies is over.
A Russian conductor has performed in the Syrian city of Palmyra for the first time in more than a year.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a performance of a musical about the murder of a Jewish man in the Mediterranean last year.
Hibernian manager Derek Kilmarnock says he wants to bring the club back to the top of the Scottish Premiership.
The head of the UN's climate change agency has said the UK's decision to cut subsidies for renewable energy is "unacceptable".
Japan's first robot has been praised for its ability to read and write.
Syrian rebels say they have shot down a fighter jet after it crashed in the northern city of Aleppo.
Former British and Irish Lions coach Paul Lancaster has been named as the new head coach of Toulon.
The voice of the iconic Muppets character, Kermit the Frog, has been axed.
Police investigating the death of a 19-year-old man in Londonderry have said they have "no doubt" they have found the cause of his death.
An oil rig that capsized off the west coast of Scotland has been towed off the coast.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a student by careless driving.
Widnes Vikings head coach Paul Betts says he believes the club can bounce back from their poor start to the season.
Aston Villa director of football Steve Black says the club's decision not to remove him from the squad for the rest of the season was a "mistake".
Two separate attacks have broken out at a house in Londonderry.
The Liberal Democrats and Plaid Cymru are to launch their campaigns in Wales ahead of the general election.
A swan has been saved after being shot in the head with a crossbow.
A new body has been set up to oversee youth education in Wales.
Human rights group Amnesty International says it is concerned about the number of executions in Saudi Arabia.
League Two side Kidderminster Harriers have signed midfielder Adam Morgan-Smith on loan until the end of the season.
A pack of zebras has been caught up in a circus circus in Toronto, Canada.
Two climbers have been rescued after falling from a cliff in Lewis.
The Crown Prosecution Service has said it will not prosecute a Dundee MP over claims he painted a firework on the Scottish flag.
Plaid Cymru has said it will not vote for the Conservatives in the general election.
Reading has a positive impact on the enjoyment of reading, according to a study.
Silverstone's bid to host a Grand Prix for the first time in 2027 has been rejected by the British Grand Prix's governing body, according to its chairman.
A new video camera has been installed at a lifeboat station.
United Airlines has become the first airline in the world to offer cash rewards to people who report security flaws.
Mark Boyce scored twice as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Ross County.
Horses are more likely to react to the emotions of their owners, according to a study.
Five people have been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving in north Wales, police have said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being assaulted in a Glasgow street.
Antoine Charles scored twice as Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat Barcelona and reach the quarter-finals of La Liga.
Christian Eriksen scored twice as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time.
Royal Bank of Scotland is to close its Birmingham office.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says he is not concerned about his team's record in the Premier League.
A trial of a drug that reduces the risk of HIV infection in Wales has been given the go-ahead.
A Russian woman who failed to qualify for the Rio Olympics has been cleared to compete in the long jump.
The amount of money spent on social housing in Wales increased by more than a third last year, according to a new report.
Tunisian Transport for London (TfL) has said it is ready to start a 24-hour Night Tube service.
Firefighters have tackled a huge blaze at a disused quarry in Conwy county.
A former Welsh Liberal Democrat MP has called for an independent inquiry into child abuse at children's homes in Wales.
It's been a busy year for politics in the UK.
Young people in England are more likely to apply to university, according to new figures from the University of Oxford.
Halifax suffered their first defeat of the season as they came from behind to beat Fife.
The mother of a baby who died after contracting septicaemia should have been taken to hospital, an inquest has heard.
A mother and her two-year-old son have signed a petition calling for a new children's swing park to be made inclusive.
A woman whose grandmother was murdered by paramilitaries in Londonderry has said she is "disappointed" by the police presence at her grandmother's funeral.
More than 1,000 members of the JogScotland programme have been told they will no longer be able to run.
If you want to know what it's like to be a member of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), look no further than East Belfast.
A senior police officer has been sacked after being found guilty of misconduct in public office.
Oscar-winning actress Jessica Arterton is set to play Rita in the West End musical, it has been announced.
England's first Test against India at Edgbaston was the most difficult match of the tour so far.
Two brothers have been jailed for stealing sheep worth more than £1m.
The Greek prime minister has said there will be no further talks with Russia over Ukraine's annexation of Crimea.
Former Team Sky rider Paul Brailsford says he has no regrets about taking a banned anti-doping drug.
Russian journalist Alexander Tsilikin has been found stabbed to death in his apartment in Moscow, state media say.
At the time of the hijacking of the Panamanianwings flight, the pilots had been trying to escape from the cockpit.
Police forces in England and Wales are facing a "national crisis", a watchdog has said.
League Two side Accrington Stanley have signed former Fulham striker Alex Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower, with energy firms leading the way.
Two teenagers have appeared in court charged with the rape and possession of child pornography.
Olympic gold medallist Bevan has broken his leg in a fall at the European Para-athletics Championships.
A woman has died after a car she was travelling in crashed into a tree.
A man who has been missing for more than a week has been found safe and well.
West Ham boss Jose Mourinho said he could have used a Blackhawk to stop his side's attempts to build a wall in the Premier League.
The UN special envoy for Syria has said the country's peace process has reached a "critical point".
Mae'r Cymru yn ddim arian yn cael arian gweithio yn bosib yng Ngogledd Iwerddon hefydio.
North says the British and Irish Lions are ready to kick-start their tour of New Zealand.
A large unexploded World War Two bomb has been found in a street in Sheffield.
A song written by one of the world's best-known footballers has gone on the air.
Bangladesh's government has sacked a head teacher who was found guilty of humiliating a Muslim student.
The Northern Ireland Environment Agency (NIEA) has said it will cut funding to more than 1,000 organisations.
Indian restaurants are famous for their signature dishes.
Equinox has become the first company to create a cloud-based system for the Passport Office in Scotland.
The parents of two teenagers who went missing off the Florida coast say they are hopeful they will be found alive.
One of the most powerful storms of the year, Abigail, has been named by the Met Office.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has said he is "hopeful" the Orange Order will continue to hold parades in Northern Ireland.
Plans for a redevelopment of Bristol City Football Club have been given the go-ahead.
The Liberal Democrats have won their first by-election since the general election.
Everton boss Roberto Martinez has announced he will retire at the end of the season.
League Two side Newport County have signed former Bristol Rovers striker Matt Rigg and ex-National League side Peter Compton.
All images are copyrighted.
A bridge in the Italian capital, Rome, has been vandalised with padlock.
The family of a Sikh man found stabbed to death in India have said they are "devastated" by his murder.
Gary Ringrose is one of the best-known names in Irish rugby.
Pop star Britney Spears has returned to the stage for the first time in more than a decade.
Kilmallie climbed to the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-1 victory over Kinross.
The owner of Gawker Media has been ordered to pay $1m (Â£1m) to a man who posted a video of himself having sex with his ex-girlfriend.
Sinn Féin MLA Seamus Mallon has endorsed Seamus Eastwood for the SDLP leadership.
It's been a year since a plane crashed in Malaysia, killing all 224 people on board.
A painting by Pablo Picasso has become the world's most expensive painting.
Artificial intelligence (AI) has revolutionised the way medicines are made.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Wales beat Portugal to reach the quarter-finals of Euro 2016.
A six-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool in Blackpool was not properly trained, an inquest has heard.
A three-year-old boy has died after being tied to a donkey by a farmer in northern India.
Nottingham Panthers' hopes of reaching the Elite League quarter-finals have been boosted by the atmosphere at the Ice Arena in Nottingham.
A number of mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed to prevent the spread of the flu.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to clarify whether they are allowed to transfer players under the age of 18.
Hibernian midfielder Scott Commons says he will not be leaving the club until the end of the season.
Drivers in a Leicestershire village are being warned they could face fines of up to £10,000 if they do not comply with speed cameras.
French energy firm EDF has said it will not raise more than $1bn (Â£1bn) in the next three years.
Former world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he wants to become the world's top snooker player.
The BBC has extended its sponsorship of the Six Nations until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard's final game in charge of the club was one of the most emotional in the club's history.
The Northern Ireland justice minister has said he is confident the government will have the money to deal with the legacy of Northern Ireland's inquests.
Catalonia's independence movement has come under intense pressure from the Spanish government.
Plans for a mixed-use development in Guildford have been given the go-ahead.
A Londonderry-based lifeboat rescue group has been awarded more than £1m in funding.
A memorial to the victims of the Sydney siege has been unveiled.
The chief constable of Avon and Somerset Police has left the force.
Fifa has refused to allow England and Wales players to wear poppies on their armpits.
Venezuela says it has received a text message from the captain of a military helicopter that crashed in the Venezuelan capital, Caracas.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in Wirral.
Ben Jennings hit a career-best 147 as Durham took control on day one of their Division One match against Somerset.
Newcastle United have been ordered to hand over all of their financial records to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC).
Belfast school principals have said they are "very concerned" about the future of education in the city.
League One side York City have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Alex Bailey on a season-long loan deal.
A petition calling for an elected mayor to be elected to Bristol City Council has been submitted to the city council.
The body of a Malaysian man who has been missing for more than a month has been found in a tanker in Kuala Lumpur, police say.
Detectives investigating the murders of a woman and her boyfriend in east London have said they are still searching for a motive.
England's women's team reached the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup for the first time, says head coach Heather Powell.
Thousands of people have taken part in a memorial service for the Duke of Derry in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity have signed Hull KR full-back Jordan Williams on loan until the end of the season.
The US has increased its estimate of the number of members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group to more than 100,000, the Pentagon says.
A new strain of salmonella has been developed to reduce the risk of diarrhoea, a Cardiff University study has found.
The Northern Ireland Water Authority has said it has no plans to introduce a charge for water in Northern Ireland.
A memorial has been unveiled to a soldier who died during the Battle of the Somme.
A leading doctor has been awarded the Royal College of Psychiatrists (RCA) for his work on the treatment of Gulf War-related symptoms.
Scunthorpe United have signed former Portsmouth defender Ryan Hollands on a season-long loan.
Voters in Colombia's presidential election have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a left-of-centre candidate.
Dawn Purvis, the co-founder of Marie-Marie clinic in Belfast, has announced she is stepping down.
Britain's Kyle Simpson reached the quarter-finals of the Dubai Open with a straight-set victory over Egypt's Mohammed Hussein.
Tommy Cummins' second-half equaliser was enough to give St Johnstone victory over Hamilton Academical.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student whose body was found in a car.
Scottish golfer Gordon Ramsay says he is "overwhelmed" by the number of fans who turned out to watch him win the Masters.
Leinster maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a comfortable victory over Cardiff Blues.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said the UK government's plans for a customs union with the European Union are "ridiculous and ridiculous".
London Underground boss Eddie Johnson has said he is "hopeful" that a Night Tube service will be introduced by the end of the year.
An NHS Grampian inspection has found "significant improvement" in the care of older patients in Scotland.
Sri Lanka's government says it is ready to set up a national inquiry into war crimes committed during the 2011-12 war with Tamil rebels.
Paralympic gold medallist Hannah Butterfield set a new world record in the women's 400m at the European Para-athletics Championships.
First Minister Carwyn Davis has said Wales has a "strong interest" in the UK's relationship with the rest of the world.
Millions of people are dying from malaria every year, according to a new study.
At least eight people have died after eating mochi rice in Japan, the country's fire service has said.
Teachers at a north London school have gone on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Three US states have filed a lawsuit against US President Donald Trump over his use of his business empire.
A police crime prevention centre has been used as a training centre for convicted criminals.
Two primary schools have been placed in special measures by Ofsted.
A woman accused of kidnapping her newborn baby has been told she could face a jail term.
Hibernian have signed former Rangers and Rangers midfielder Alex Zaliaszukas on a two-year deal.
Theresa May has said she would love to watch Doctor Who on Christmas Eve.
Indonesia and China have signed a deal that will allow the export of live cattle to China.
Two teenage boys have been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a RAF serviceman.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger will miss the rest of the season because of a red card against West Ham.
Dumfries and Galla Bucharest's Europa League semi-final against Romanian side Dinamo Bucharest will be taken to Patrick Ekeng's grave, the club's president says.
Chinese media have reacted angrily to the trial of Hong Kong businessman Bo Xilai, who has been charged with corruption.
A man who has been living in Huddersfield for more than a year has been told he will no longer be able to take care of himself.
Guernsey's public relations accounts have been released for the first time.
Paralympic gold medallist Jessica Browne has said she wants to become a better athlete.
Former Labour leader Owen Smith has announced he will stand against Jeremy Corbyn in the general election.
A former Inverness school teacher has appeared in court charged with abusing pupils.
A 14-year-old Afghan girl who was shot dead by Taliban militants in Afghanistan is to be honoured with a book.
A senior Russian police officer has been charged with illegally sloughing a road in the north-eastern region of Komi Republic.
The UN Security Council has backed a resolution calling for more police officers to be deployed in Burundi.
A Gwent police officer has been jailed for eight years for causing the death of his father by dangerous driving.
Jack Marriott's first-half equaliser earned Luton victory over League Two side Luton Town.
Great Britain's women's team have been criticised for not doing enough to improve their performance at the World Para-athletics Championships in Hong Kong.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has donated more than $1m (Â£1m) to help develop a flying car.
The family of a British woman who was expelled from the UK last year have said they will appeal against her deportation.
The prime minister has said he wants more money to help police in Northern Ireland deal with the Troubles.
Wigan Warriors winger Chrisickle has been treated in hospital after being assaulted at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A recycling company has been fined £1,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a telephonic device.
Algeria have signed Algeria midfielder Mohamed Mbolhi on loan until the end of the season.
Plans to sell a former Carmarthenshire primary school have been put on hold.
Millwall's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Millwall.
Cornish Town manager Paul Hodges says the club's relegation from the National League is a "huge achievement".
A Ferrari has been removed from the M4 motorway in Kensington, Kensington and Chelsea.
Tanzania is one of the poorest countries in the world.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Thursday, boosted by a rise in the price of coffee.
Women are more likely to ask for a pay rise than men, a study suggests.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a train.
More than 100 soldiers have been contacted by police investigating the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry.
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffyn wedi ymchwiliad gael ei gwahardd ymarferion tanio yn gwyddiad ar gyfer yr holl fyddin.
A former Sri Lankan president has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a prominent opposition politician.
League Two side Fulham have signed former Fulham midfielder David Lawless on a two-year deal.
A children's centre in Wrexham is to close its doors for the rest of the year.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested after jumping from a plane in San Francisco.
The family of a Scottish woman who went missing more than a year ago have appealed for information about her whereabouts.
Four British children have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of being part of a so-called Islamic State group.
Four-time world champion Franck Priticola has died at a road race in County Tyrone.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the Paris attacks.
It's been a year since a woman was allowed to enter a Hindu temple for the first time.
A holidaymaker who died after eating a Greek yoghurt has been named by an inquest.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for three years for having sex with a teenage girl.
Scotland's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to official figures.
Hull City midfielder Robert Snodgrass has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Formula 1 has a reputation for being one of the most successful teams in the world.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a rape in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali became the first rider to win a stage of the Vuelta a Espana.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the second round of the French Open with a straight-set victory over Romania's Dominique Vondrouv.
A 13-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car.
The number of people dying from heart disease in Scotland has more than halved, according to new figures.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Wigan.
Jodie Tennant is to appear in a special episode of Doctor Who, the BBC has confirmed.
At least four rockets have been fired at the Israeli town of Eilat, near the border with Egypt, police say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the author of a long-running book about the plight of the poor in Australia has told us how he feels about the country.
It was the beginning of the end of the Gulf War, the longest-running military conflict in the history of the world.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of London to protest against anti-government protests.
Ospreys fly-half Alex Hook has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Chloe Kardashian has spoken out about being bullied by her ex-boyfriend.
Plans for a power plant in Norwich have been given the go-ahead.
Jamie Murray says he is ready to get married.
Broadchurch is to return for a third series, BBC One has announced.
Dumfries and Galloway has been celebrating the 100th anniversary of the opening of the Transatlantic Cable.
The chief executive of a troubled East Sussex hospital has stepped down.
Traffic lights have been installed on a busy junction in Plymouth to reduce the number of collisions.
Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov has published a new report into the role of Russian soldiers in the Ukraine conflict.
The inmates at Dumfries and Galloway Prison have been living in their cells for more than a year.
John Duddy was one of Northern Ireland's most successful businessmen.
More than £1m has been seized in Lincolnshire, police have said.
Thousands of people have taken part in Edinburgh's Hogmanay celebrations, organisers have said.
The evacuation of the German town of Augsburg from a World War Two unexploded World War II bomb has begun.
One of the world's largest reptiles, Dinocephalosaurus, has been discovered in China.
The number of GPs in Wales has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, figures show.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key questions facing the UK government.
A four-year-old boy who died when his boat capsized in the Solent was not wearing seatbelts, a report has found.
The pilot of a light aircraft that crashed in the French Alps may have been distracted by a mobile phone, an inquest has heard.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad has told the BBC he has "no idea" how the country will respond to the conflict.
The Nobel Prize-winning physicist Prof Stephen Hawking is to give a lecture on the mysteries of space.
More than half of West Sussex's schools are in debt, the government has said.
Hundreds of flights have been cancelled in Chile after a 24-hour strike by airport workers.
A Danish man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found on a sunken submarine.
Citizens Advice has called for the introduction of new rules to tackle energy bills.
An inquest into the death of a 13-year-old boy who was crushed to death by a headstone at a Glasgow cemetery has heard.
The British spy agency, MI5, is in the midst of a major recruitment drive.
Dixons Carphone, the UK's biggest online retailer, has reported better-than-expected pre-tax profits.
Derbyshire have appointed Brendon McCullum as their new captain for the rest of the season.
China's biggest steelmaker, Baosteel, has agreed to merge with a rival steelmaker.
Arsene Wenger's Arsenal were the best team in the Premier League this season.
India and the rest of the world have been reunited for the first time since the partition of India.
The former deputy leader of the Ulster Unionist Party, John Alderdice, has called for an independent inquiry into paramilitary violence in Northern Ireland.
Zanzibar beat Zamalek to reach the semi-finals of the African Champions League.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has announced that he has completed his third album.
A six-year-old boy with cerebral palsy has been awarded a £1m compensation payout.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his side's performance in Sunday's Champions League semi-final defeat by Sevilla was a "massive mistake".
Schools in the western Indian state of Bihar have been shut for the first time in more than two years, officials say.
Australia beat West Indies by eight wickets to win the first Test in Melbourne.
Scientists in Japan say they have discovered a new treatment for a deadly parasitic disease that causes the deaths of thousands of people every year.
Japanese firms Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased their offer for Alstom, the world's biggest rail operator.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has revealed he has been diagnosed with cancer.
A legal challenge against a Carmarthenshire council has been adjourned until the end of the year.
Two-time Champion Hurdle winner Dan O'Brien won the Punchestown Chase for the first time in his career.
Bolton Wanderers suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Championship bottom side Bolton Wanderers.
England's hopes of qualifying for the Euro 2016 finals were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has said he does not believe the club's supporters are "bullies".
As Northern Ireland prepare to face Italy in Saturday's Euro 2016 semi-final, there is a sense of pride in the atmosphere.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash involving a van and a van.
Libya's bid to host the 2019 and 2021 Nations Cup has been given the go-ahead.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Great Yorkshire Run.
Jane Austen was one of the best-selling authors of all time.
Ciara Mageean has been selected to represent Northern Ireland at the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Finland.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle boss Derek Hughes says his side's performance in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Dundee was a "massive achievement".
A fire has broken out at a production of EastEnders.
At the start of the Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, India's Paralympians won a medal for the first time.
A mental health worker has been cleared of using indecent images of children.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in County Limavady.
Sunderland midfielder Jack Johnson will miss the rest of the season after being banned from football by the Football Association.
A man who defrauded taxpayers out of more than £1m has been jailed for four years.
Barnet Council's outgoing chief executive has resigned.
A woman from Birmingham has recreated a replica of a Jaguar Land Rover in a giant cake.
The leader of the Liberal Democrats has apologised after a campaign website was removed from the party's website.
Barcelona have agreed to pay a £5m (£4.5m) fine to Brazilian footballer Neymar over his transfer from Real Madrid.
Two US senators have called for tougher gun laws following the mass shooting at a school in Newtown, Connecticut.
The risks of fracking in the UK are too small to be considered, a group of leading scientists has said.
A suspicious package has been found at the Statue of Liberty in the US city of New York.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has apologised for saying he was "not drunk".
Queens Park Rangers have signed striker Chris Herd and defender Frank Nouble on two-year deals.
Tottenham could play at Wembley for the first time this season, according to the club's director of football, Steve Dyke.
For decades, the Caribbean island of Antigua and Barbuda was known as the world's most biodiverse country.
Growth in the UK's manufacturing sector slowed in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
The UN human rights chief has called for an independent investigation into the killing of civilians in the Turkish town of Cizre.
It's time to start thinking about your finances again.
Relatives of the victims of the Hillsborough inquests have been urged to apply for legal aid.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered to attend the funeral of former Test batsman Richie Benaud.
The US has sent more than 1,000 troops to Iraq to help fight so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Human remains have been found in Inverness.
Average house prices in the UK rose by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, according to Nationwide.
Britain's Nick Kyrgios reached the Australian Open quarter-finals for the first time with a straight-set victory over Germany's Max Verstappen.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Paul Christie has called for more youth players to be allowed to play for the club.
A man has been found dead after a fire broke out at a house in Wrexham.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with murder after a student was shot dead at a school in India.
Thousands of people have lined the streets of London to celebrate the opening of the city's biggest arts festival.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the history of the comforter.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said Iran's nuclear deal with world powers is a "historic step forward".
Scotland's largest health board has been criticised by MSPs for overspending.
A woman has died after a car she was travelling in crashed into a railway line in northern France.
A 13-year-old girl who was kidnapped in north-eastern Nigeria last year has been found safe and well.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) has launched a new online ticket portal for Northern Ireland fans.
Scotland will compete at the Rio Olympics for the first time in more than 20 years.
The chief executive of BBC Persian has accused the Iranian authorities of trying to intimidate him and other staff.
Wales has called on the UK government to allow more unaccompanied child refugees to come to the UK.
Wildlife officials in Mali say they are concerned about the number of rhinos being killed by poachers in the north-western region.
The Royal Welsh Regiment's new colours will be unveiled at a ceremony in Cardiff later.
Ukraine's new interior minister has been branded a "monster" by social media users.
A former mental health worker has accused the Ministry of Justice of failing to deal with patients with serious mental health problems.
Kenny McGinn says he is relishing the prospect of playing for Hibernian again.
In the wake of the deaths of six children last year, the Metropolitan Police has been accused of using undercover officers to cover up the abuse of children.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it will delay the start of the auction of 4G spectrum.
Voters in Mexico's most populous state, Chiapas, will go to the polls on Sunday to elect their next president, state media report.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic could become the most expensive player in the world if Manchester United win the Champions League.
A new cargo ship has been launched at the Caledonian MacBrayne shipyard.
A student's A-level results can be a huge blow to her chances of getting a university degree.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Friday as worries over the global economy continued to mount.
David Cameron's future as prime minister will not be decided until the end of the term, according to his spokesman, Duncan Duncan Smith.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at some of the key events that have happened this year.
The head of Saudi Arabia's highest court, Sheikh Abdullah al-Obebei, has been sacked.
Supermarket chain Tesco has agreed to sell its US operations to Mexican chain Yucaipa.
The new chief executive of a health board in South Australia has been appointed.
Former Rangers striker Dean Samels has joined FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Singer Jennifer West has announced that she is to record her first solo album, Four Fourths.
The mayor of Baltimore has said the city's police department is failing to do enough to stop the rise in violence.
The number of prescriptions for an anti-depressant drug, Roaccutane, has more than doubled in the past five years.
Two members of the Shining Path rebel group have been killed in Peru's capital, Lima, officials say.
Tributes have been paid to a man who died after his Folland Gnat jet crashed during a car festival.
Taliban leader Mullah Mansour has been killed in a drone strike in Afghanistan, officials say.
US President Donald Trump has said he wants to end the war in Afghanistan.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
When Ricky Burns beat Ricky Burns to become the first British boxer to win a world title, it was a moment of euphoria.
Myanmar's army has denied allegations of human rights abuses against Rohingya Muslims, a UN human rights report says.
Victims of crime in England and Wales should be given the chance to tell their story, the Baroness Newell has said.
An Australian author who won a prestigious Australian literary prize has said she was shocked when she received a text message saying she had won the prize.
A German doctor has won a prestigious doctorate for her work on diphtheria.
Stoke City have signed former Fulham striker Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A woman has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving.
The number of properties being repossessed in England and Wales has fallen to its lowest level for more than three years, figures show.
UKIP has won a by-election in Bridgend, County Antrim.
Leicestershire County Council is in the midst of a financial crisis.
Worcestershire captain Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricket Association (PCA).
A travel agency has announced it is to close its zoos in the UK.
Singer Stevie Ray Vaughan has announced he will perform at this year's Glastonbury Festival.
A swan has been rescued from a Sussex lake after a hook was found in its mouth.
The British and Irish Lions' tour to New Zealand was a huge success.
Police in Kent are being urged to crack down on vigilante vigilantes who prey on children.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side's poor start to the season is a "wake-up call".
A fire at a wood recycling plant in Bridgend is being treated as "suspicious".
More than 1,000 complaints have been made to the Scottish government about toilet problems on Skye.
Mae'r ddyfarnu ei chwilio galw am Miss Lord wedi cael ei bod o'r car rhag rholio i lawr ger yn awgrymu ei iddi tano.
New Jersey Devils winger Joe Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with the Elite League club.
England's Moeen Ali hit a career-best century as they beat West Indies by eight wickets in the second Test at Edgbaston.
A Commons committee has criticised Rupert Murdoch's handling of the News of the World scandal.
The family of a woman who died from a brain tumour have said they are "devastated" to be reunited with their loved ones.
A 24-hour strike by Southern rail workers has ended.
Mae Gwynedd wedi ddydd wedi cael ei gael yn cael yn ôl wedi gael ei cael i'r ddyd.
The trial of a man accused of raping a man has been adjourned until the end of the year.
A nurse at a mental health unit in Gothenburg, Sweden, says she is happy to be working longer hours.
Glasgow-based ethane cracker firm Ineos has announced plans to shut its Grangemouth plant.
League Two side Bristol Rovers have signed former England Under-21 international Sam Allardyce on a season-long loan.
A five-year-old girl who was diagnosed with a rare form of leukaemia has been given pink ribbons at her home in Bristol.
Hearts defender Kevin Eckersley has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Japan's biggest nuclear power company has said it has reached a key milestone in its efforts to solve the country's nuclear crisis.
Tata Steel has said it is in talks with a potential buyer for its Port Talbot steelworks.
The French government has rejected a request from the Vatican to appoint a gay ambassador to the country.
Rangers beat Celtic 7-0 to reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a four-year-old boy.
The family of Porsche founder Paul Walker have filed a lawsuit against the company over the death of his son.
Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto has vowed to help survivors of a huge fire that destroyed a fireworks market.
Scientists say they have found a way to make a flu vaccine that does not change the shape of the lollipop.
The Northern Ireland Coroners' Court has begun a review into the handling of the legacy inquests into the deaths of Northern Ireland soldiers.
More than 1,000 people have died in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake in Indonesia.
The prime minister has said he does not want to impose a four-year ban on people claiming benefits from the European Union.
Fans of Batman v Superman have been treated to a live-action premiere of the film.
The safety of inmates at a London prison is at risk, a watchdog has said.
US President Donald Trump has appointed Ivanka Trump as his first daughter.
The owners of a historic Northumberland pub have bought it for £1.5m.
A group of Black Lives Matter activists has called on Facebook to clarify its policy on controversial content.
The M4 is one of Wales' most important roads.
Paralympic champion Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain Cycling Team for the first time.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill praised his side's performance against the Netherlands in their Euro 2016 qualifier.
Chelsea Ladies extended their lead at the top of the Women's Super League to seven points with victory over Liverpool.
Turkey's parliament has passed a controversial bill that allows police to arrest people who wear masks and wear masks.
A Swansea artist has launched a campaign to stop the demolition of the former home of poet Thomas Thomas.
In New York City, it is easy to forget that football is the most important sport in the world.
Luxury goods giant LVMH has reversed its stance on the use of Lego bricks in China.
Fifteen people have been arrested in Italy over allegations of match-fixing, police say.
An independent review into the use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes in Wales has been launched.
As the G8 summit draws to a close in Belfast, it will be remembered as one of Northern Ireland's most turbulent years.
Birmingham City have signed former Ipswich Town midfielder Jack Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
Students should be encouraged to use tablets in school, according to Highland Council.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a woman in Denbighshire.
A mental health unit at the centre of an investigation into drug-related violence has been found to be "inadequate".
Russia says it has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian city of Palmyra.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman in the US city of Phoenix.
Iran is one of the world's most powerful countries.
A new treatment for peanut allergy has been shown to be effective in treating children with the condition, a study suggests.
Home Secretary Michael Gove and Education Secretary Theresa May have clashed over the publication of a letter criticising the government's handling of extremism.
The mead is one of the most popular drinks in the world.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect disruption as part of a major upgrade to a railway tunnel.
The family of a man who died in the Tunisia terror attack have paid tribute to him.
Human remains have been found in the sea off the west coast of Scotland.
Nick Clegg has said the Liberal Democrats will not win a majority in the general election.
A nature centre has reopened to the public for the first time in more than 20 years.
Tottenham striker Dele Alli will miss the rest of the season after his red card was upheld by the Football Association.
It's been a long time since Northern Ireland's main opposition party, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), had a voice in the assembly.
A museum dedicated to World War One veterans has been awarded more than £1m in lottery funding.
Celtic striker Moussa Dembele has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says his side's performance in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Rangers was "outstanding".
A police investigation into the unsolved murders of Peter Tobin has ended.
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit a century as Warwickshire beat Nottinghamshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
A Welsh schoolboy has been barred from entering the United States after being refused entry to the country.
Three men have appeared in court accused of helping a Syrian man who travelled to Syria to join so-called Islamic State (IS).
A scheme for affordable housing in Northern Ireland could be considered, according to a report.
RB Leipzig maintained their unbeaten start to the Bundesliga season with victory over Hoffenheim.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling to his death on Anglesey.
Liam Halkett's second goal of the season gave Rangers victory over Livingston in the Scottish Premiership.
Football stars including Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have donated their shirts to Cambridge United to raise money for charity.
Police have released CCTV images of two men they want to trace in connection with a knife attack on a vulnerable man in Kilmarnock.
Jonathan Parkin scored twice as Forest Green beat Tranmere Rovers to reach the League Two play-off semi-finals.
Harlequins have re-signed full-back Sam Watson for their Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday.
Ireland beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Johannesburg.
Seventy-five people have been evacuated from a Southend theme park after torrential rain caused flooding.
Nicole Seifert's dream of competing in the Miss World pageant was a dream come true.
Guiseley came from behind to beat Ebbsfleet in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he will not change the country's military alliance with the US.
Members of the Welsh Assembly will not be able to vote on triggering Article 50 of the UK's membership of the European Union, a senior member has said.
Sam Snodgrass' first Hull City goal of the season earned the Tigers victory at the KCOM Stadium.
A former BBC presenter has said he is "proud" to have been chosen as the name of a new Antarctic research vessel.
Bournemouth striker Jermain Defoe has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
A senior counter-terrorism officer has been appointed to advise the Metropolitan Police on how to deal with the threat posed by the Islamic State group.
A handwritten note written by a German general has been sold at Nottingham's auction house.
The new culture secretary, John Whittingdale, has been appointed by the government.
A British man who went missing in Bulgaria last week has been found safe and well.
Jane Fonda has been named the first woman to win an Oscar for her contribution to the film industry.
The number of child sexual abuse victims in England and Wales has reached a record high, a charity has said.
Oldham Athletic striker Cristiano Montano has been suspended by the Football Association.
One of the most famous cloned sheep in the world, Daisy, has been diagnosed with osteoarthritis.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has called for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
For decades, the United States was the world's most powerful nation.
Premier League side Parma have been relegated to Serie A for the third time in four years.
Haiti's President Michel Martelly has apologised for a remark he made during a campaign rally.
Former X Factor judge Simon Flack and former X Factor contestant Caroline Flack have returned to the X Factor.
A woman who was killed when her son was hit by a car on a dual carriageway has launched a petition calling for the speed limit to be reduced.
A fire broke out at a toy factory on a railway line in Sheffield.
A British backpacker has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a train in Thailand.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says he would be "disappointed" if his side's poor start to the season continued.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he does not think midfielder Nasri is "too big" for the club.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to extend their lead at the top of La Liga.
Ghana's Nana Akufo-Addo has been sworn in as the country's new president.
Tens of thousands of people have been protesting in Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, against President Robert Mugabe's rule.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Dozens of people have been injured in a gas explosion at a cafe in Spain, local media report.
A man has gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle horsemeat into beef products.
India is set to become the first country in the world to create a biometric identity database.
GCHQ has said it will no longer be able to use Google and other internet services to spy on people.
Scott Evans finished third in the first round of the WRC World Rally Championship in Sweden.
Tens of thousands of Syrian rebel fighters have protested outside a UN-backed peace deal.
A London-based bubble tea firm has agreed to pay its workers a minimum wage of £10,000.
Exeter Chiefs reached the semi-finals of the Pro12 with a hard-fought victory over Wasps.
A jury in the trial of a man accused of being part of a gang of gang members has failed to reach a verdict.
The leader of the Welsh Labour Party has said he is "very confident" the party will win the general election.
Tens of thousands of people have been subjected to hate crimes in the UK since the vote to leave the EU, a human rights group has said.
Mudlarking is one of the world's most popular forms of art.
The number of people with mental health problems attending A&E in England has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has voted to ban the sale of The Sun.
A man has been jailed for causing the death of a five-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
Two bus companies have been banned from operating in Bristol following a High Court ruling.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has urged people to pray for the victims of the terror attacks in Paris and Brussels.
The United Arab Emirates says it has fired two missiles at a Yemeni warship in the southern port of Taiz.
The government has announced plans to make it easier for disabled people to get disability benefits.
Newport County manager Steve Westley says he is "very optimistic" about the future of the club.
Danny Molesley's first-half equaliser gave Portsmouth victory over Aldershot in the FA Cup third round.
A book about a World War Two bombing raid has sold for more than £1,000 at auction.
The head of the Welsh government's fight against bovine tuberculosis (Bovine TB) has said it is too early to say whether the disease will be eradicated.
A former editor of the News of the World has been arrested on suspicion of phone hacking.
The Catholic Church in Gwynedd has withdrawn its support for plans for a new primary school in Ceredigion.
Zambia have won the African Champions League for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Mozambique side Bejaembe.
Mali's army has been accused of carrying out mass executions of ethnic Tuareg rebels, a rights group has said.
Notts County have signed former England Under-20 international Laura Green for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain reached the semi-finals of the Hockey World League with a 3-1 victory over Australia in the final of the Champions Trophy.
Cardiff Blues reached the quarter-finals of the European Challenge Cup with a convincing victory over Newport Gwent Dragons.
Myanmar's former prime minister, Thein Sein, has said he will continue to fight for human rights.
Jewellery worth more than £1m has been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire.
The name of a former GP has been removed from the register of medical practice in the Republic of Ireland.
Kumar Guptill's second-wicket partnership helped Pakistan beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Hamilton.
A historic windmill in Hampshire has been restored to its former glory.
Tata Steel has announced plans to cut up to 1,000 jobs at its Welsh steelmaking plant.
Britain's Laura Cave has won the Ironman World Championships for the second year in a row.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has defended his decision to join the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Colchester United have signed former Colchester United striker Paul Guthrie on a season-long loan deal.
Britain's Anthony Joshua says he wants to become the world's best boxer when he fights world champion Gennady Golovkin.
McLaren dominated the first practice session at the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Michael Maguire set a new record for the fastest time at the Manx Superbike Grand Prix.
The sale of BHS to a private equity firm has been criticised by Newsnight.
The family of a soldier shot dead during the Troubles say they are "disappointed" that a bullet has not been found in his body.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the third time in a row, but the gap between the two sides is narrowing.
Former Top Gear presenter Jeremy Hammond has undergone surgery on a broken leg.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
The chairman of the Scottish Croft Commission has said he will not resign.
A Polish man has been jailed for three years for his role in the death of a worker who fell from a warehouse roof.
Actor Gerry Anderson has said he was "devastated" when he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
Millions of people are missing out on the chance to claim back-dated National Insurance Insurance credits, a senior civil servant has said.
Work has begun on a new seaside theme park in Bournemouth.
Nigeria's airlines have suspended all flights to and from the United States because of a lack of foreign currency reserves.
Aston Villa have signed Borussia Monchengladbach striker Christian Klozak for an undisclosed fee.
Retailers in Wales have been banned from smoking cigarettes in public places.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says Sean Dyche is the best manager in the Premier League.
North Korea has successfully launched a new ballistic missile, the country's military says.
Scotland captain Scott Martin says his side's World Cup qualifying campaign is over.
A court in Australia has refused to block the deportation of anti-abortion campaigner Randy Newman.
Jon Stewart's The Daily Show is one of the best-loved US TV shows of all time.
Scott Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Dumfries and Galloway Council.
England all-rounder Jos Buttler has signed a new one-day international contract with Lancashire.
John Williams is to perform at this year's London Proms, the BBC has confirmed.
The Scottish Conservatives have held on to their overall majority in local elections, according to official figures.
Iraqi forces have retaken Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, the UN has said.
Parts of Anglesey have been hit by strong winds, forecasters have warned.
Scientists have developed a new type of flexible skin that they say can be used to make electronic devices.
The closure of five schools in the Borders is being considered by the Scottish Borders Council.
Ayr United were held to a goalless draw by Ayr United in League Two.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car.
Stephen St Aubyn has become the first author to win a major literary prize.
England will face New Zealand in the semi-finals of the 2017 World Cup.
California has cut its water restrictions for the first time in more than a decade, the state's water regulator has said.
A lion has been removed from a South African national park for the first time in more than a decade.
The US state of Florida has banned a mosque from being used as a polling place for elections.
Universities across the UK are set to go on strike in a dispute over pay.
Ten people have been arrested in China over the Tianjin factory explosion, state media report.
The ocean is becoming more acidic by the century, according to a new study.
A 17-year-old boy who died after falling from a cliff in Brighton was taking LSD, an inquest has heard.
The US Federal Reserve's decision not to raise interest rates for the second time this year has been criticised by the UK's leading economist.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage seven of the Tour de France for the first time since the Paris attacks.
A bus driver who died in a Glasgow bin lorry crash has been cleared of manslaughter, an inquiry has heard.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has accused Germany of using Nazi-style tactics during a referendum on a new constitution.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Guy Guediourai on loan until the end of the season.
Edinburgh have parted company with scrum-half Matt Toolis following his departure from the British and Irish Lions.
At least 13 people have been killed in a series of explosions in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, officials say.
The Diamond Diamond League has signed a new deal with the Diamond League.
Women have been elected to Iran's parliament for the first time, the country's president has announced.
A 13-year-old boy has become the youngest person in the world to win a national spelling competition.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Tens of thousands of teachers have been subjected to abusive online abuse, a union has said.
A Canadian woman has described how she and her four-year-old son escaped from a house fire.
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have rejected a bid from League Two side Partick Thistle.
Former Formula 1 world champion Richard Carswell has died following a crash at the European Grand Prix.
Russia has denied allegations that it was involved in the hacking of the US election.
American Apparel has filed a lawsuit against former chief executive Steve Charney, accusing him of harassing female employees.
Tributes have been paid to a teenager who died after falling from a rooftop in London.
At least eight people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in northern China, state media report.
Reading reached the League Two play-off semi-finals for the first time with victory over fellow strugglers Burton Albion.
The number of homeless people seeking help in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a report by Shelter Scotland.
Former world welterweight champion Michael Taylor will defend his IBF world title at London's O2 Arena on Saturday.
Cardiff has become the first city in the world to adopt a new approach to tackling violence.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look back at the history of artificial intelligence.
Bolton Wanderers have signed midfielder Jordan Maddison on loan until the end of the season.
Jung became Great Britain's first horse-rider to win a Grand Slam with victory at Badminton.
The family of a Taiwanese woman who was born in China more than 40 years ago have been fighting for Taiwan's independence for decades.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest over the death of a man who was beaten by police.
A new vaccine for the Zika virus has been developed at the US National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland.
Prime Minister David Cameron has called for a global summit to tackle corruption in the world.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over St Johnstone.
The number of women breastfeeding in England has increased by more than a third in the past five years, new figures show.
Downton Abbey has topped the UK box office for the first time.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' squad for their Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia is a "massive blow", says head coach Paul Gunter.
A Czech woman who went missing while hiking in New Zealand has been found alive.
A chronology of key events:
Michael Donnelly won his first gold medal of the Rio Games with a unanimous points victory over a man from Morocco.
A four-year-old boy has died after falling from a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy has accused the European Union of failing to deal with the migrant crisis.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Alexander Andreyev, has apologised for comments he made during a visit to Poland.
French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has published a new book, calling for an end to racism.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a flood prevention exercise in Calderdale.
A crane has been used to lift a huge steel bridge off the coast of Hong Kong.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the stabbing of a teacher in Leeds.
Historic high rise buildings in Scotland are to be digitised as part of a project to preserve them for future generations.
Olympic judo champion Stephanie O'Dowd has been discharged from a hospital in Thailand.
Scotland's prime minister has rejected calls for the Scottish government to give more powers to immigration.
The US intelligence agency has released more than 1,000 pieces of information about its cyber-espionage tools, according to leaked documents.
Leeds City Council has been given the go-ahead to display a collection of religious books.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's first-half equaliser gave Mansfield victory over Cheltenham.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Madrid Open.
The remains of a decommissioned oil rig have been removed from a Shetland beach.
Kilmarnock goalkeeper Scott Gordon says he has no regrets about his decision to leave the club.
Mark Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby to reach the National League play-off semi-finals.
More than 100 people have been killed in a landslide in the Colombian capital, Bogota, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed winger Sam Ormsby from Warrington Wolves for an undisclosed fee.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The first section of the Crossrail rail line has been completed.
A former member of the Provisional IRA has been charged with the murder of the Disappeared.
Leinster flanker Jordi Payne has been ruled out for the rest of the Six Nations with a hamstring injury.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a picture of a British man believed to be a former Guantanamo Bay detainee.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says he will not be out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Northern Ireland's first minister, Arlene Foster, has accused the UK government of failing to do enough to protect the Northern Ireland economy.
The chief executive of Sports Direct, Dave Forsey, has resigned, the BBC has learned.
San Bernardino, California, is one of the most dangerous places in the world.
England beat Pakistan by eight wickets on day two of the third Test in Dubai.
China won the men's doubles title for the first time at the Rio Olympics.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are on a three-day tour of Australia, New Zealand and New Zealand.
More than half of beaches in England and Wales do not have lifeguards, according to a report.
Former White House correspondent Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 84.
The UK's youngest children's laureate has been announced.
Birmingham City manager Steve Bruce will not have to travel to Aston Villa for the first time, according to former Aston Villa defender Paul Savage.
A police officer has been shot dead in north Belfast, police have said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of assault after a BBC journalist was seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed defender Jack Lloyd on a season-long loan from National League side Gateshead.
Dundee United came from behind to beat Partick Thistle 3-1 in the Scottish Premiership.
Hundreds of Avon workers in France have gone on strike to protest against the company's closure.
Formula 1 teams have been testing their new cars for the first time.
A three-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on a motorway in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A giant ceramic sculpture has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Sir Jeffery Amherst, the former governor of Guernsey, has died at the age of 83.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Jeptoo has been banned from athletics for three years after failing a drugs test.
Plans to expand a wind farm in Rochdale have been approved by councillors.
Apple has been ordered to pay more than $1.5bn (£1.2bn) to a university after a US appeals court ruled it had infringed a chip patent.
A Northern Ireland football fan who died during Euro 2016 has been named by his family.
Poet John Harsent has been shortlisted for this year's TS Eliot Prize.
Former world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan has withdrawn from the 2017 World Championship in Coventry.
A woman who was shot in the head with a glass of wine has been jailed for three years.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of care for older people in Scotland, a watchdog has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by three men in a car in Glasgow.
DR Congo have been knocked out of the African Confederation of African Football (CHAN) after a 1-1 draw with Zambia.
Celtic striker Ousmane O'Dwyer has impressed in his first competitive game for the club.
Plans for a new bridge over the M4 have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Microsoft has created an internet search engine that uses the power of the Force to solve problems.
UKIP has a "strong chance" of winning a majority of seats in the assembly election, the party's leader has said.
A letter written by a Polish woman in Peterborough has been sent to the owner of a Polish deli.
A Pembrokeshire police officer has been jailed for five years for sex offences against a child.
The father of a 14-year-old Mexican girl who went to her first birthday party has said he will not attend her party.
A crowdfunding appeal has been launched to raise money for the family of a woman who was trapped in a lift.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released into a Pembrokeshire nature reserve.
The government's decision to close the Forensic Science Service (FSS) has been criticised by a leading forensic science firm.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.
A large unexploded ordnance has been found on a beach in Ceredigion.
Human emissions of carbon dioxide in the ocean have reached an all-time high, according to a study.
A man with a rare form of motor neurone disease, Gordon Aikman, is in a wheelchair.
Catalans Dragons kept alive their hopes of reaching the Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought victory over St Helens.
Residents of a Denbighshire seaside home have said they are "hopeful" they will be able to return to their homes after floodwaters subsided.
Telecoms giant BT is to roll out its first "white space" broadband service in the UK.
Labour has promised to crack down on tax avoidance in England and Wales.
Rugby should be banned from all schools in England, a leading expert has said.
A Grade II-listed medieval castle on the Isle of Wight is to be restored.
An independent review into mesh implant surgery in Scotland has been published.
Hundreds of eggs worth more than £1m have been stolen from a seabed.
The number of road accidents in England and Wales has fallen by more than 50% in the last five years, a charity has said.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for a boycott of a dog festival in China.
Long Long has become the first South Korean to win a gold medal at the World Para-lifting Championships in Beijing.
Manchester United have completed the signing of PSV Eindhoven midfielder Memphis Depay for an undisclosed fee.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we take a look back at the world of virtual reality.
Britain's Svetlana Coxsey has become the first woman to win a gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
A Dundee man has been given a suspended jail term for swearing at worshippers at a mosque.
Three women have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death.
A man has been robbed of more than £20,000 in a "brutal" knife attack.
The former head of the Church of Wales has called for devolution to be extended to all parts of Wales.
Concerns have been raised about the use of commercial forestry in Wales.
Two eels have been found on a river in Norfolk.
Bollywood star Salman Khan has been found guilty of causing the death of a man in a car crash.
A week ago, a man was shot dead at his home in County Londonderry.
Former world champion Robert Millar has been given a sportive to mark his 100th birthday.
A Welsh-led immigration system should be devolved to other parts of the UK, a group of MPs has said.
The number of neuro-technological patents filed in the US has more than doubled in the last decade, according to a report.
A hospital has apologised after a patient had to have a hip inserted during a hip operation.
Hungary's prime minister has accused Germany of trying to stop asylum seekers from entering the country.
US First Lady Melania Trump has announced she is moving to the White House with her three-year-old son Barron.
A Welsh AM has called for an independent inquiry into public spending in Wales.
A firefighter who failed to respond to a fire at a house in Devon has been sacked.
A boys' school in Wrexham has been forced to close.
Welsh artist Barbara Williams has announced her retirement from painting.
One of the world's largest exchanges, Bitfinex, has suspended trading in the virtual currency after a security flaw was discovered.
Paralympic golfer Jason Gregory says he has been using his mobile phone to film his approach to the Masters.
A 13-year-old girl who took her own life on a train in the French capital, Paris, has become the latest victim of social media abuse.
A woman who stabbed her mother to death has been jailed for life.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday as the US dollar continued to rise against the dollar.
Spain's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, official figures show.
Manchester United suffered their heaviest defeat of the season as they lost to Arsenal in the FA Cup quarter-finals.
At least eight people have been injured after a volcano erupted on the Italian mountain of Etna.
The SNP's victory in the Holyrood election was a "historic moment" for the Scottish government, a former Tory MP has said.
Wales coach Warren Gatland would be a "great fit" for the national team, according to former New Zealand head coach Mark Brooke.
Rafael Miranda scored a hat-trick as Benfica beat Vitória Guimarães 3-1 to reach the second round of the Portuguese Cup.
Olympic and Paralympic gold medallist Michael Smith has said he wants to represent Great Britain at the Rio Games.
Down's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Football League were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by Meath.
A former Bristol councillor has died at the age of 83.
Tottenham midfielder Harry Townsend has been banned from all football matches for six months by the Football Association.
Manchester City Football Club is in the midst of a major transformation in the way the game is organised.
The number of Americans with a college degree has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to new research.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron has said he does not want to talk about homosexuality.
Aberdeen-based construction firm Barratt Developments has announced plans to build new homes in Scotland.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) has said it has a "good chance" of winning a majority in the Holyrood Assembly.
A three-year-old boy has died after falling into a frozen lake in Yellowstone National Park.
Pop star Jamie Barlow has performed at a wedding in Oxford.
Six people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's lower house of parliament has voted against a controversial abortion bill.
Three men have been found guilty of involvement in the Hatton Garden jewellery raid.
Scotland reached the quarter-finals of the Six Nations with victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
Britain's Justin Gatlin set a new world record in the 100m hurdles at the European Championships in Brussels.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene reflects on the country's relationship with the United States.
Senegal's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations have been dealt a blow after a 1-1 draw in Jeju, South Africa.
A 19-year-old man has been shot in the leg during an armed robbery in Londonderry.
West Ham striker Jack Carroll has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Barronso, the former head of the European Commission, has been sacked by the French parliament.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ben Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The number of people working in the UK has fallen to its lowest level since the UK voted to leave the EU, official figures show.
The number of children being put up for adoption in England has fallen sharply, according to a new report.
Sara Dauman has filed a legal challenge against the takeover of the family business by her husband, Ritchie Blackstone.
Scotland's women's football team will not be allowed to speak to the Scottish Football Association (SFA) for the rest of the season.
A torso has been found in the sea off the Danish island of Copenhagen, police say.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Forest Green Rovers came from behind to beat Dover in the National League.
A woman who stabbed her ex-boyfriend to death with a knife has been given a life sentence.
The CIA has been involved in a number of covert operations since the end of World War Two, including the assassination of the leader of the African National Liberation Army (ANC).
Ospreys fly-half Henry Vanderglas has been ruled out of Saturday's European Champions Cup semi-final against Ospreys.
A primary school in East Sussex is to introduce a gender neutral uniform.
Belfast's Danny Sharvin shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the BMW Championship.
A sign that appeared on a railway bridge in Berkshire has been shared on social media.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
In the early days of the 20th Century, people lived in Slough, County Londonderry.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
A number of flights have been cancelled at Dublin Airport due to severe weather conditions.
Great Britain's Mark and Sarah Adcock reached the semi-finals of the men's doubles at the Rio Olympics.
Castleford Tigers have signed Super League side Castleford Tigers on a two-year deal.
Former Defence Secretary Lord West has said he does not want to talk to the prime minister about Trident missiles.
A fan of Star Wars toys has been selling them for more than £1,000.
Veteran striker Aleksandar Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against Serbia will be "the toughest game of my life".
The US justice department has announced that it will no longer allow police officers to interview suspects.
A judge has been appointed to review Scotland's anti-racism laws.
A rare manuscript of the Old Testament has been sold for £10,000.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has vowed to "fight back" against any attempts to destabilise the country.
Former Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Shafiq has won his appeal against his removal from the country's electoral commission.
Nottingham Forest head coach Paul Powell says he has no concerns about the club's future following the sacking of head coach Darren Pearson.
National League side Preston North End have signed striker Jack Preston on loan until the end of the season.
A teacher accused of trying to rape a pregnant woman has told a court he had no intention of terminating her pregnancy.
Tributes have been paid to former Watford manager Alan Taylor, who has died at the age of 90.
Japan's Nikkei index has set a new record high, closing at a record high.
A new guidance on how to deal with domestic violence has been published by the University of Aberdeen.
Deputy First Minister Nick Clegg has announced a new package of care packages for carers.
Cuba's revolutionary leader, Fidel Castro, has died at the age of 90.
Defender Jordan Rhodes scored twice as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Championship strugglers Bolton.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Joanna Lumley looks at why celebrity fragrances are so popular.
Three teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in Londonderry.
The UK and France have agreed a deal to deal with the migrant crisis at the migrant camp of Calais.
British boxer Jade Brace will make her professional debut at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow later this month.
A collection of Dylan Thomas manuscripts has gone on display at a Swansea university.
A musical about the life of Adrian Townsend has opened in London.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a car she was travelling in crashed into a tunnel in Cardiff.
Stranraer have parted company with manager Brian Reid after just one season in the role.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party over comments she made about Adolf Hitler.
Greece has said it has reached an agreement with its creditors on a new bailout.
Five men have been arrested on suspicion of rape in the Central African Republic (CAR), officials say.
Plans to demolish a former social housing complex have been approved by councillors.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a three-day strike in a dispute over pay.
A Netflix documentary about comedian Bill Cosby has been cancelled, the network has confirmed.
For more than a decade, Jim Fernandez has been one of Australia's most popular entertainers.
A woman and her husband have been reunited with their medals and medals after they were stolen from a quarry in Surrey.
Liverpool have agreed a new deal to sign Manchester City midfielder Raheem Sterling for an undisclosed fee.
The Scottish government has announced plans to scrap a tax on private land in Inverness.
Nour, a refugee from the so-called Islamic State (IS) group, has been living in Syria for more than two years.
National League side Ebbsfleet Town have signed striker Alex Mills on a two-year deal.
German police say they have arrested two people in connection with a row over housing for asylum seekers.
Worcestershire batsmen Josh Mellor and Alex Mellor have signed new two-year contracts with the Championship club.
A chatbot that asks people to pay their parking tickets has been launched in the US.
Lord Waddington has died at the age of 83.
Plans to reduce traffic congestion at a Cardiff hospital have been approved.
The BBC has denied claims that it filmed a giant iguana being killed by a snake in the Galapagos.
A charity set up to help raise funds for improvements to Cumbria's Lake District has been given the go-ahead.
Millwall maintained their unbeaten start to the League One season with a comfortable victory over Shrewsbury.
GoPro, one of the world's biggest video-streaming companies, has announced that it will cut its workforce by 1,000.
A mental health tribunal has ruled that Ian Brady should be kept in a mental health unit for the rest of his life.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has launched an investigation into the death of a man who was found dead at a house in Inverness.
The number of Arctic floes in the UK is likely to be lower than it was in 2012, according to a new study.
Burkina Faso reached the quarter-finals of the Confederation Cup for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Algerian side Kabylie.
Norwegian businessman Paul Nagle has been appointed as the new chief executive of the Norbrook-based firm.
Arsenal continued their remarkable start to the season with a comfortable victory over Chelsea at Emirates Stadium.
A baby white lion has been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have signed midfielder Jack Kirby and defender Jack Duggan on two-year contracts.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being injured in a crash involving a car on the Isle of Wight.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted in Belfast city centre.
Coffee giant Abercrombie & Fitch has apologised after a tweet about lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people was posted online.
The family of a woman who died after her funeral have said they have no money to pay off their debts.
The leader of the Houthi rebels in Yemen's capital, Sanaa, has been handed over to the government.
Scientists say they have discovered a way to reduce the risk of head injuries in football.
Bournemouth have signed Bournemouth goalkeeper Joe Federici on a season-long loan deal.
The Northern Ireland Supreme Court has upheld the conviction of two men accused of involvement in the Omagh bomb attack.
The chief academic of the University of Oxford has called on the UK government to commit to "full membership" of the European Union.
Smokers should be banned from smoking in public places, according to a new study.
Bayern Munich thrashed Atletico Madrid to reach the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time.
Scotland head coach Gregor Cotter says he is "very proud" of his side after they beat Japan in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed Wakefield Wildcats head coach Paul Chester as their new head coach.
Police Scotland has called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis.
British Prime Minister David Cameron has called for an end to hate crime in the wake of the EU referendum.
Plaid Cymru has set out its manifesto for the general election.
Kent have reported a pre-tax loss of £1.5m for the first three months of the year.
Islamic State (IS) militants have taken control of the northern Syrian town of Qatara, activists say.
A group of US state-school students have been awarded scholarships to celebrate the "special relationship" between the UK and the US.
A 14-year-old girl has been chosen as the winner of a competition to write a short story about a chimpanzee.
A Mongolian rapper is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked during a concert in the capital, Mogadishu.
The family of a cyclist who died after being hit by a pothole have launched a legal challenge.
The body of a man missing for more than a week has been found on a mountain in Aberdeenshire.
Spain have reached the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup for the first time.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire have been uncovered in Oxford.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Olivia Gillan's latest film, Tupperware Party, has been released in Scotland.
Harlequins reached the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup with a hard-fought victory over Paris St-Germain.
Juventus maintained their unbeaten start to the Serie A season with a comfortable victory over Porto.
Wales scrum-half George Ball has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury.
A crowdfunding campaign to build a memorial to David Bowie has failed to reach its target.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a 79-year-old man at his home.
Dagenham and Redbridge moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with victory over York.
Britain's Got Talent has signed a new deal with ITV.
The European Football Association (Uefa) has said it is "very concerned" about violence at Marseille's Stade Velodrome.
Iraqi forces say they have recaptured the town of Amerli from Islamic State militants.
Millions of dollars worth of crypto-currency transactions should be regulated, the US regulator has said.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Ruth Williams has said her party's pledge to cut tuition fees will not be fulfilled.
Scotland's Laura Bankier won her second title of the season as she won the women's doubles title at the Scottish Championships in Glasgow.
Christian Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations with victory over Algeria.
Social media users have reacted angrily to the release of a new Call of Duty video game.
A new way to control the spread of lice has been developed by researchers at Glasgow University.
North Korea is one of the world's most secretive countries.
The chancellor, George Osborne, has announced his Budget for the coming year.
Laura Trott became the first British woman to win the UCI Para-athletics Championships with victory in the women's sprint.
Michael Martin has pulled out of racing for the first time in more than two years.
Venezuelan police have lifted a curfew in the capital, San Cristobal, after weeks of protests.
People living in social housing in Scotland should have the right to buy their own homes, according to a consultation.
A new exhibition celebrating the city's architectural history has opened in Liverpool.
A man has discovered the deepest part of Loch Ness in the UK.
Plans for a new university in the Scottish Borders have been given the go-ahead.
A British aid worker who was kidnapped in Afghanistan last year has told BBC Alba she thought she was being held hostage.
A group of Hong Kong police officers have been found guilty of assaulting a protester during last year's pro-democracy protests.
A six-year-old boy who was seriously injured when he was hit by a car has been able to walk again.
Gerry Rafferty, one of the UK's best-known songwriters, has died at the age of 83.
One of the world's most famous aeroplanes, the Concorde, has been unveiled in London.
One of the UK's largest plastic bag manufacturers has been forced to close after the introduction of a 5p plastic bag charge.
A lesbian couple in Indonesia's Aceh province have been forced to be burned to death by their religious leaders.
Three former miners have been cleared of fraud after a High Court judge ruled they had been unlawfully prosecuted.
Michael McKinstry, the former head coach of Northern Ireland's national football team, has been diagnosed with Ebola.
Scotland's Jamie Forsyth says playing at home for the first time will help boost the national team's chances of reaching the European Hockey League finals.
The family of a County Antrim property developer have reached a settlement with the Ulster Bank.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector slowed in May, according to a closely-watched survey.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed striker Sam Makris for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Actor George Wallach, best known for his roles in The West Was Won and The Godfather, has died at the age of 83.
Britain's Johanna Konta will begin her bid to become the first British woman to reach the semi-finals of a Grand Slam tournament at the US Open.
A warning has been issued to foreign tourists travelling to India following a spate of terror attacks in India last year.
The UK's consumer confidence has fallen to its lowest level since the UK voted to leave the EU, a survey suggests.
A car bomb has exploded in a rebel-held part of the Syrian city of Aleppo, activists say.
Forest fires in parts of the Amazon rainforest are more resilient to climate change, according to a new study.
Two men have been remanded in custody charged with the murder of a woman who went missing more than a year ago.
Two bodies have been found at a house in Sheffield.
Yeovil Town midfielder Hannah Howard has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Nigeria's former governor, James Ibori, has won an appeal against his deportation from the UK.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after a spoofed email was sent to its website.
Olympic gold medallist Jade Davies says she has been "overwhelmed" by the success of the London Marathon.
Former Yorkshire batsman Paul Appleyard has been appointed as the club's president.
A woman accused of trying to kill her boyfriend has told a court she had "no doubts" he would take his own life.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says he has no regrets about taking over as captain of the British and Irish Lions.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
India has said it will appeal against the execution of a Pakistani army officer who was sentenced to death last year.
The gender pay gap between male and female workers in the UK is at an all-time high, the BBC has learned.
A scheme to crack down on illegal parking at a primary school has been suspended, the BBC has learned.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Paul Joyce after just three games in charge.
A man has been jailed for four years for stealing a stolen car.
Spain's Maria Muguruza beat Italy's Francesca Schiavoni in straight sets to reach the second round of the French Open.
A left-wing activist group has accused Labour of failing to verify its candidates for the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn.
Tens of thousands of people have been forced to flee their homes after a powerful earthquake struck Chile.
Coventry City fans have been celebrating the club's promotion to the Football League for more than 20 years.
League Two side Bury have extended the loan spell of striker Ryan Bury until the end of the season.
The Northern Ireland Country Festival has been named the best music festival in the world.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at why online banking is so expensive.
A homemade bomb has been found at a school in north Belfast.
Gunfire has broken out in the northern Indian state of Ladakh, reports say.
Kilmarnock Ladies have signed Scotland international Ashley Staniford and Scotland international Sophie Sjomom.
For the past five years, a block of flats in the heart of the Palestinian capital, Gaza, has been empty.
CrossCountry has said it will not be affected by any changes to its timetables.
The US says it is "deeply concerned" by the growing tension between Vietnam and China in the South China Sea.
Vatican cardinals have met in Rome for the first time since the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI.
For the first time in her life, Elena Kuznetsova is struggling to pay off her family's debts.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has urged the Chinese government to reduce the value of its currency, the yuan.
Three teenagers have been rescued after a boat capsized in a river in the Highlands.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it is considering splitting off its Openreach broadband division.
Nigeria's Supreme Court has opened a criminal court in the capital, Ouagadougou, to investigate allegations of fraud.
South Africa's capital, Cape Town, has been hit by the worst winter storm to hit the country in decades.
More than 100 people have been evacuated after a freight train derailed in the US state of Tennessee.
Paralympic gold medallist Jade Brown says she will not be able to compete at the Rio Paralympics.
A man who died when his car crashed into a car has been named, an inquest has heard.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a bulldozer smashed into a house in Australia.
McLaren's Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were forced to take part in the first practice session of the Chinese Grand Prix.
Cardiff Blues maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-earned bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues.
Plans to sue a Shropshire council over its handling of cremations have been lodged.
The European Council President, Donald Tusk, has written to the United Kingdom to express his support for the UK's withdrawal from the European Union.
Millions of pounds of poultry waste are being dumped in Northern Ireland every year.
A 17th Century painting by a Spanish banker has been seized by French customs officials in Switzerland.
British cyclist Sir Bradley Wiggins has been invited to give evidence to the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad).
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a shopkeeper in Glasgow.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Scotland looks at the prospects for the Scottish independence referendum.
Former Leeds Rhinos captain Michael McDermott says the team's success in the Grand Final was a "huge boost" for the club.
Somerset all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A new contract for junior doctors in England has been agreed, the BBC has learned.
Afghanistan says it has established a hotline with the Taliban, in a sign of growing tension between the two countries.
The Sydney Sixers beat the Perth Scorchers by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the Women's Big Bash League.
Barcelona extended their lead at the top of La Liga to seven points with victory over Valencia.
The head of Spain's transport agency has said he has no evidence that a train derailed in the Spanish city of Madrid last year.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a student who died in the Manchester Arena attack.
Kirsty Beaumont hit a career-best 90 as Surrey beat Yorkshire by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the Women's Super League.
League Two side Fulham have signed Fulham midfielder Alex Petos on loan until the end of the season.
Chinese shares have fallen sharply following comments from Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen.
Cardiff Blues reached the European Champions Cup quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Gloucester.
A lorry has been trapped in a sinkhole after a huge sinkhole opened up underneath it.
It was one of the most turbulent years in Formula 1's history.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Doncaster.
Hibernian reached the Scottish Cup semi-finals for the first time with a 3-1 victory over fellow strugglers Kilmarnock.
A dog has died after being poisoned in Essex, the RSPCA has said.
Wales head coach Huw Jenkins says he is "disappointed" by the reaction to his side's Six Nations defeat by France.
Mae Ceredigion wedi ddyddio'r cyfeirnod Cymru wedi cael ei bod yn ôl wedi gael yn cael yn ei gynnod yn yng Nghymru.
Scientists have been able to create fingerprint-printing devices that could be used in self-driving cars.
Drugs worth more than £1m have been stolen from a pharmacy in Londonderry.
England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first Test at Edgbaston.
Olympic gold medallist Jade Andrews says she has been overwhelmed by the response to her victory in the women's 10,000m at the World Championships in Inverness.
The Turkish capital, Ankara, is one of the world's most prestigious cities.
Three men have been cleared of raping and murdering a 15-year-old girl in the Indian city of Goa.
In the early hours of the morning, I went to a bar in Dundee.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of raping a taxi driver in the US state of Ohio.
The family of a student who died after falling from a building in Foyle have paid tribute to him.
A Scottish artist has set out on his first solo exhibition.
Liam Lopez scored a hat-trick as Scotland thrashed France to reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Bus drivers in Dorset and Yeovil have gone on strike in a dispute over pay.
The Michelin factory in Ballymena, County Antrim, is to close.
More than half of the world's countries have not committed to the fight against the Syrian civil war, according to charity Oxfam.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named best film at this year's Golden Globe Awards.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has been described as one of the greatest managers of all time.
A dog has become the first dog to be allowed on an EasyJet flight.
The US state of Hawaii has issued a revised version of President Donald Trump's controversial travel ban.
In our series of letters from Scottish journalists, we look at some of the key questions facing the UK's EU referendum campaign.
Two professors at Swansea University have been accused of "bullying" staff.
Northampton Saints scrum-half Denny Hughes has been named in England's squad for the autumn tour of South Africa.
Derbyshire have signed all-rounder Liam Cotton and fast bowler Liam Taylor on one-day international contracts.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in vigils to raise money for the family of murdered South African woman Rani Dewani.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Declaration has been sold at auction in Dublin.
A payday lender has been ordered to pay more than £1m to customers affected by problems with its loans.
Tributes have been paid to singer Annie Lennox, who has been seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash in Los Angeles.
Plans to introduce a 20mph (32km/h) speed limit in Edinburgh have been approved by councillors.
The number of patients missing hospital appointments in Scotland has more than doubled in the last 10 years, according to new figures.
Royal Mail is one of the most successful companies in the UK.
The chief executive of the Balmoral Show has said it will be "a decade" before there is a link to the motorway in Northern Ireland.
The Australian government has reached a settlement with a group of asylum seekers who claim they were illegally resettled on the island of Manus.
A former Sheffield council chief executive has been ordered to pay more than £1m to victims of sexual abuse.
Plans for a high-rise tower block in Southampton have been unveiled.
Scott Taylor says he had to cut his middle finger after losing his WBA super-middleweight title to Andre Joubert in Glasgow on Saturday.
A Grade II-listed theatre in Lancashire has been put up for sale.
Pope Francis has reversed his decision to make it easier for priests to forgive women who have abortions.
A Nepalese couple have been charged with falsely claiming to have climbed Mount Everest.
Manchester City's unbeaten start to the Premier League season continued with victory over Burnley at Etihad Stadium.
A woman has died following a fire at a house in Kilmarnock.
US fast food chain Starbucks has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
Former Red Bull driver Mark Webber says he is relishing the prospect of winning the Formula 1 title for the first time.
Nicola Sturgeon has called on the UK government to do more to help refugees fleeing the migrant crisis.
Plans for a new specialist cancer unit in Glamorgan have been approved.
Bristol City continued their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over struggling Bristol Rovers.
Tens of thousands of patients have been admitted to A&E departments in the Isle of Wight, the health board has said.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) to settle claims it defrauded US regulators.
Two young Irish rugby players have won the right to play in the World Cup for the first time.
Edinburgh has been chosen as the host city for the 2017 European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup finals.
Crewe Alexandra head coach Paul Davis has signed a new five-year contract with the League Two club.
Exeter Chiefs beat Saracens to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Hospitals in England have been told to stop using Google's search engine, the NHS has said.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Kashima Kashima to reach the Club World Cup semi-finals for the first time.
The family of missing RAF pilot Corrie Mckeague have said they are "devastated" to have seen so much rubbish dumped at a landfill site.
The cost of a free childcare scheme in Wales could be as high as £10,000 a year, according to a think tank.
Cara Corden and Barack Obama have been filmed sitting in the car of the US President Barack Obama's car for the first time.
A collection of costumes from Pride and Prejudice is to go on display for the first time.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Smith says his side are confident of reaching the Super League semi-finals after beating Wigan.
England all-rounder Chris Woakes has been named the world's best batsman for 2016.
Five people have been taken to hospital following a crash involving a car and a van in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman died in a crash on a dual carriageway.
Derek Draper scored a hat-trick as Tintin reached the semi-finals of the Europa League with a 2-1 victory over Forfar.
Labour has promised to cut the cost of public services in Wales by £1bn over the next five years.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of indecent images of children.
A number of Scottish musicians have been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
The number of nursing homes in England has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, the BBC has learned.
A woman accused of drink-driving in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to a drink-drive charge.
Scientists say they have discovered a gene that could explain why humans have bigger brains than previously thought.
Tottenham have signed midfielder Roberto Soldado from Valencia for an undisclosed fee.
A mental health charity has removed a pizza from the menu of a Northumberland hospital.
More than £6m has been pledged to help flood-hit areas of Wales recover from last year's storms.
Five women have been shortlisted for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants beat Widnes Vikings to reach the semi-finals of the Super League.
US rock band U2 have performed in Dublin for the first time in more than a decade.
Wales reached the quarter-finals of the Euro 2016 qualifying tournament for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Moldova.
A yellow weather warning has been issued for parts of Northern Ireland.
Iranian police have arrested 13 people over a video appearing to criticise the country's strict dress code, state media say.
The body of a woman who went missing more than a year ago has been found, a court has heard.
The government's plan to tackle air pollution in London has been struck down by a High Court judge.
The first female conductor to lead a major orchestra has spoken of her delight at the success of the London Proms.
A young Afghan woman has told the BBC how she was sexually abused by her father.
A pilot has been jailed for six years for causing a military plane to crash in the Black Sea.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has been using its Telegram messaging app to spread its propaganda.
Iraqi parliament has voted in favour of sweeping reforms to the country's political system.
Kenya beat Tanzania 2-1 to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Africa Cup of Nations.
Great Britain beat Denmark to win the men's rowing gold medal for the first time at the Rio Olympics.
Plans for a bridge over London's River Thames have been given the go-ahead.
Hull City manager Paul van Aanholt should have made more signings before the end of the season, says assistant manager Paul Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly has voted in favour of decriminalising abortion.
Saracens scrum-half Conor Murray has been cleared of concussion by the Rugby Football Union (RFU).
Dozens of people have been killed in clashes between police and protesters in the Iraqi capital Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who gave birth to her first child has been ordered to undergo sterilisation, the High Court has ruled.
A competition to design a Victorian stately home for the first time has been launched.
Chris Froome won stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine in a thrilling finish to the Tour de France.
Footage has been released of firefighters tackling a huge fire at a shopping centre in Hampshire.
Five men have been arrested in Italy as part of a counter-terrorism operation.
Jordan is one of the world's most important states in the Middle East.
International aid agencies have been ordered to stop operating in the eastern Ukrainian region of Luhansk, the UN's humanitarian chief has said.
The Indian Premier League (IPL) has suspended its participation in this year's Champions Trophy.
Plans to reintroduce forests to the uplands of England have been criticised by the Lord Rooker.
The US territory of the Santee Sioux tribe has said it plans to set up a cannabis farm for the first time.
The Tees Valley Council has been elected as its new mayor.
The Russian Orthodox Church has denied claims that a bronze bust of the late tsar has been found in Crimea.
US President-elect Donald Trump has nominated Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch as his next justice.
Samantha Howe, who was born in Iran and raised in Los Angeles, has spoken of her fear of being detained by immigration officials.
A former railway station in Nottingham has opened to the public for the first time.
Shares in China's manufacturing sector have fallen sharply after a closely watched survey indicated a slowdown in the sector.
Four men have been taken to hospital after trying to break into a jewellers in central London.
Leverkusen striker Mats Hummels has told his players to "shut the hell up" and "shut up".
Austrian voters have voted overwhelmingly for the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party.
The Green Party has won all three of its Orkney and Shetland Islands councils.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car in Dumfries and Galloway.
The Scottish Parliament has voted to leave the European Union.
A Scottish man has been trying to trace a postcard he received after it was stolen from his home.
The Duke of Edinburgh has laid a wreath to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Wakefield Trinity have signed Hull KR prop Will Mason on a two-year deal.
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has agreed to buy a US pharmaceutical company for an undisclosed sum.
A Canadian man who was kidnapped in the Philippines last year has been killed.
Madonna has taken to Snapchat for the first time.
South Africa's opposition leader Jacob Zuma has accused a cartoonist of insulting him.
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union.
A 79-year-old man has been threatened with a knife after being robbed at knifepoint.
The Scottish Conservatives have taken control of the Scottish Parliament for the first time in more than a decade.
World champion Juan Figueiredo beat world number one Ding Junhui in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the World Championship.
The Crown Prosecution Service has been criticised for failing to communicate effectively with victims of crime.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the third round of the Wuhan Open with a straight-set victory over China's Zheng Saisai.
A memorial has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the English Channel.
The International Space Station (ISS) has launched its first probe into a new planet.
Hundreds of people have taken part in street parties in London to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday.
Oscar-winning actress Alasdair Rees has died at the age of 83.
A 15-year-old girl has been charged with sending a hoax bomb to a school.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former National League side Dover Athletic on a season-long loan.
Manchester United have won the Premier League for the fourth time in a row.
Three Irish students have been killed in a balcony collapse in San Francisco.
Schools in South Korea have been forced to cancel a major international entrance exam due to a suspected cheating scandal.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to bring back Clause IV of the party's constitution.
Swansea midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson says the club's style of play is returning to the Premier League.
Gwent Police has been rated the best in Wales for tackling domestic violence, a watchdog has said.
Paul Zeuge won his WBA world middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Paul Smith in Germany.
Benedict Cumberbatch has been cast in a new film about the Great Train Robbery.
The US has said it is "not playing games" with Indian maid Khobragade, who has been detained at the US embassy in Delhi for 10 years.
England have reached the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup.
A prominent human rights campaigner from the United Arab Emirates has been shortlisted for the prestigious Amnesty International Human Rights Award.
Plans to build a "Northern Powerhouse" in the north of England have been given the go-ahead by the chancellor.
British number one Andy Evans reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open with a straight-set victory over world number one Johanna Konta.
Voters in Liverpool and Merseyside have begun voting in local elections.
A 13-year-old boy has been found dead in a river in the Scottish Borders.
A French Muslim mayor has launched a campaign to ban the use of pork in school meals.
Mayo reached the All-Ireland semi-finals for the first time with victory over Mayo at Croke Park.
Thousands of Syrian refugees have arrived in Derry, County Tyrone.
A Belarusian athlete has been banned from competing at the Rio Paralympics after a photograph of him was posted online.
A farmer who crashed his tractor into a farmer has been jailed for four years for drink-driving.
Former British cyclist David Miller has joined the British Cycling team to help tackle anti-doping issues.
Tens of thousands of tonnes of toxic waste have been dumped in a wooded area of Staffordshire.
Five men have been arrested in London over alleged links to the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
One of the world's most controversial technologies, the "twist-wave" technique, has sparked a fierce debate in the scientific community.
The number of women with mental health problems in England and Wales has reached a new all-time high, according to a new report.
Worcestershire all-rounder Michael Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community hydro projects in Wales have been hit by a rise in their business rates.
Brighton striker Jack Stephens has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final against Huddersfield Town.
France's far-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon has said he will not drop out of the race.
More than half of UK workers say they are unable to work because of illness, according to a new survey.
The owners of a block of flats in Sheffield have said they are "devastated" by the cladding they have seen.
A doctor who falsely claimed he was a doctor from India has been charged with fraud.
US President Barack Obama has said he has no relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
A woman accused of raping a 15-year-old girl at a mental health unit has pleaded not guilty.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, the government has announced a new strategy to tackle extremism.
Lord O'Dowd has backed Theresa May's call for an open border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Chancellor George Johnson is to call for a review of university finances in England.
A rare Tyrannosaurus rex skeleton has been sold in the US for $1.5m (Â£1.3m).
Wycombe Wanderers were held to a goalless draw by Blackpool in the League Two play-off final.
The number of people waiting more than three years for mental health treatment in Wales has more than halved, a charity has said.
A collection of defibrillators has been found in a recycling centre.
More than half of drivers in England and Wales say they have been hit by potholes, a charity has said.
The introduction of a 20mph speed limit in Greater Manchester has been criticised by the city council.
St Johnstone striker Craig has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Welsh Labour has a "complete red herring" if it does not win a majority in the general election, according to the party's Welsh chairman.
A greyhound has been found dumped in a water tank in Lancashire.
The trial of a German woman accused of being part of a notorious neo-Nazi gang has been adjourned for a second day.
Mexican TV network Univision has pulled its coverage of this year's Miss America pageant.
Oscar-winning actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised after being booed at the Golden Globes.
Plans for a new shopping centre in Newport have been given the go-ahead.
India's central bank needs to do more to tackle the country's debt crisis, its governor has said.
The Conservative and Labour parties have announced plans to clamp down on tax avoidance in England and Wales.
Rescuers in Italy say they are still searching for survivors after a powerful earthquake struck the country's capital, Rome.
A service is to be held to remember the victims of the Shoreham air disaster.
The chief constable of Devon and Cornwall Police has said he is "disappointed" by the decision to move his office to a London office.
The Australian government has announced a $1bn (Â£1.1bn) loan package for drought-hit areas of the country.
A grand jury in the US state of Oregon has ruled that a white man should not be charged with the murder of Sandra Bland.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Crewe Alexandra defender David Nolan on a season-long loan.
Britain's Mark Dingle reached the semi-finals of the World Championship for the first time with a 6-2 6-3 win over Thailand's Aung San Suwan.
Solihull Moors defender Jonas Berg will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury, according to the club's director of football, Martin Benkenken.
A woman accused of causing the death of a man who was hit by a car on a dual carriageway has told a court she feared for her life.
Mae'r Ceredigion wedi ddydd yn ôl ei gael yn cael ei mewn â'r gael ei'r yn yn ei fyddio.
Hartlepool United have parted company with manager Paul Cox following the club's relegation from League Two.
The world's largest chocolate maker has announced plans to scrap its Fairtrade certification.
African-American author Ada Adichie has been named the winner of the US National Book Prize for Fiction.
A Rangers fan has been fined £10,000 after being struck by a football fan during a match.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has said it is prepared to respond to a threat of a terrorist attack at the Super Bowl.
Former Manchester United midfielder Fabrice Muamba had to be resuscitated after collapsing on the pitch, according to his surgeon, Dr David Tobin.
A man has died after being found unconscious in a flat in Dumfries.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg set the fastest time in the first practice session at the Australian Grand Prix.
Swedish artist Hans-Ulrich Ulrich has risen to the top of a list of the world's most influential artists.
Oil giant Shell has said it is "disgusted" by a group of men who posted naked photos of a female worker on its website.
Mae'r ysgolion yn cael ei ddefnyddio yn bodoli ar draws Cymru.
When I was a little boy, I used to eat a lot of vegetable oil.
Worcestershire maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship with a five-wicket victory over Kent.
North Korea has launched a ballistic missile, state media report.
The number of people being conned out of their pension savings has reached a new all-time high, according to the charity Money Box.
Two former members of the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) have been refused permission to have their sentences reduced.
A new law banning the sale of contact lenses has been introduced in England and Wales.
A Brazilian man has said he has been forced to return to the UK after being caught up in immigration raids.
League Two side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Jordan Cole on loan until the end of the season.
Christina Christie has signed up to star in the new series of Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Antrim-based Derivatives has reported a pre-tax profit of £1m for the first half of the year.
A man who carried out a series of burglaries in Manchester city centre has been banned from entering his home.
The Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has said he is "very concerned" about the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
The Scottish government has said it will not extend an inquiry into undercover police operations in Scotland.
Lazio have been given a three-match ban by the European Football Association (Uefa).
Apple has said it will appeal against a US judge's ruling that it cannot unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's rally in Chicago has been cancelled.
Ospreys scrum-half Rhys Webb says he expects to be fit for Wales' Six Nations opener against Ospreys on Saturday.
A four-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a dog in a garden.
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A Victorian railway carriage has been restored to its former glory for the first time since the funeral of Winston Churchill.
A new exhibition of nude artwork has been launched in Hull.
A collection of recordings made by the family of the late Cromwell Wall have been discovered at a museum in London.
UKIP has accused the BBC of making false statements about UKIP leader Nigel Farage.
A new type of octopus has been developed by a team of Italian researchers.
Thousands of tickets for a new steam locomotive have been sold for more than £1,000.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a performance of Lord of the Rings: The Hunger Games.
Two of Wales' most popular radio stations are to close, the BBC has confirmed.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of the assets of four oil companies involved in the Falkland Islands.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a historic flypast of the World War Two nuclear warplane.
The UK could face up to £1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) of energy bills if it does not leave the European Union, according to a report by the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
A photo-sharing app that allows users to see the faces of people they want to meet has been criticised by the BBC.
World number one Hideki Matsuyama shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead with world number one Jordan Spieth at the Shanghai Masters.
The search for a kayaker who went missing off the coast of County Down has been called off.
Facebook has released a new version of its Messenger app.
It's been a busy week for the UK.
US Defence Secretary Ash Carter has announced plans to deploy more US special forces to Iraq and Syria to fight so-called Islamic State (IS).
Egyptian police have raided the offices of pro-democracy groups, including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch.
It's one of the world's most famous museums, the National Museum of Natural History in London.
A woman has been taken to hospital after falling off a beach in Caerphilly county.
A father has said he is "devastated" that his daughter's Little Mix concert in Belfast has been cancelled.
Work has begun on a new memorial to the Battle of the Somme aircraft carrier Spitfire.
Josh Owens scored a hat-trick as Warrington beat Widnes to move into the Super League play-off places.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the key challenges facing South Africa's tourism industry.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed former Charlton Athletic midfielder Jack White on a season-long loan deal.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Friday, dragged down by a sharp drop in Kraft Heinz shares.
Sri Lankan maids are being held in a Saudi detention centre in the capital, Dhaka, for more than a year.
The US Supreme Court has upheld President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law.
A former member of the Northern Ireland Assembly has been found guilty of a string of firearms offences.
Tens of thousands of Coptic Christians have attended the funeral of Pope Essam Shenouda in Egypt's capital, Cairo.
A man has been found dead in a car.
As Jeremy Corbyn prepares to take over as leader of the Labour Party, I can't help but feel a bit sorry for him.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is delighted with the progress made by midfielder Rashford ahead of Euro 2016.
A bill to allow same-sex couples to marry has been defeated in the House of Commons.
A McDonald's restaurant in Dundee has been evacuated after a fire broke out.
Ricardo Santos scored a hat-trick as Leyton Orient came from behind to beat Barnet.
Wrexham is one of the most dangerous places in the world for drug users.
Zanzibar's opposition leader has accused the country's electoral commission of rigging elections.
A record number of jobs have been created in Wales since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
An international panel of experts has concluded that a chemical weapons attack in Syria was carried out with the use of Sarin, a banned chemical.
Yemen's al-Qaeda affiliate, Ansar al-Sharia, has said it will release more than 1,000 soldiers it says have been kidnapped in recent months.
A British soldier whose suit was stolen during the Gallipoli campaign has been reunited with it.
British Paralympic champion Shaun Weir has said he will not compete in the London Marathon.
The Shropshire College of Higher Education has announced plans to cut the number of jobs it has.
An investigation has been launched into allegations of malpractice at a school exam in Northern Ireland.
Ed Sheeran has returned to London's O2 Arena for the first time in more than a decade.
Sierra Leone's former President Pierre Nkurunziza has been fighting against the Ebola virus for more than a decade.
The former chairman of Brentwood and Ongar MP Sir Eric Sirson has announced he is to stand down.
Paris St-Germain extended their lead at the top of the Ligue 1 table to five points with victory over Caen.
Juventus have completed the signing of former AC Milan striker Gianluigi Buffon on a two-year deal.
It's been a busy year for tech companies.
Pope Francis has approved a miracle that led to the death of Mother Teresa, the world's most famous human rights activist.
Dozens of unexploded explosives have been found on a beach in North Lanarkshire.
Volkswagen's diesel cars sold in the UK have fallen for the first time since the diesel emissions scandal erupted, a report has found.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is prepared to sue Apple if it does not comply with a court order to crack down on phone encryption.
A body has been recovered from the wreckage of a Malaysia Airlines plane that crashed in the Java Sea on Sunday.
Glasgow Caledonian Thistle beat Kinlochloch to reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
Five people have been arrested in Belgium as part of a major anti-terrorism operation.
Dog owners in Staffordshire are being asked to wear night-vision goggles in a bid to stop them smacking their pets.
A man has described how a squirrel broke into a Croydon restaurant and drank a glass of wine.
Scotland's police forces have been accused of spying on journalists, the BBC has learned.
A man who was wrongly convicted of killing his ex-girlfriend has been allowed to return to prison for a second time.
Dozens of businesses in Edinburgh have been fined by the city council for failing to properly dispose of rubbish.
The families of two self-confessed inmates who died at a Milton Keynes prison have launched a legal challenge.
Sir Michael Wilshaw has said he does not think the Red Arrows could be saved.
One of the world's most senior human rights lawyers has said he does not believe euthanasia should be legal in the UK.
Stoke City midfielder Gary Johnson has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Leicester City striker Mario Balotelli has been accused of racist abuse during his side's Champions League quarter-final defeat by Nice.
Virgin Trains has voted in favour of a 24-hour strike by the RMT union.
Bournemouth striker Tom Elphick will miss the rest of the season with a cruciate knee ligament injury.
The search for a new Top Gear presenter has been going on for more than a week.
The number of wild bees killed in Europe last year was the highest in the world, according to a new study.
The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has arrived in Malaysia, the country's foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has cancelled its decision to name Wonder Woman as its new ambassador to the United Nations.
A man has been taken to hospital after a boat he was on capsized off the west coast of Scotland.
A man has appeared in court accused of racist abuse at a rally for asylum seekers.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Glasgow.
Plans to increase council tax on green spaces in Liverpool have been backed by the city's mayor.
A radio station in the north-eastern Nigerian state of Biafra has been shut down, the BBC has learned.
A former soldier has been knighted for his work helping homeless people.
Boeing has developed a light-weight laser that can be used to shoot down drones.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of 16-year-old Jack Appleton.
Linfield will aim to maintain their unbeaten start to the season as they take on Crusaders in their final game of the season.
Former England striker John St John has called for the Football Association to fund research into degenerative brain disease.
BBC Sport has live coverage of all the major sporting events across the country.
A new portrait of Mozart has been commissioned by the Royal Conservatoire of London.
The first Boris bikes are to be installed in London, the city council has announced.
India beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in Galle to take control of the second Test in Pallekele.
The US PGA Championship will not be held in Mexico this year because of Donald Trump's campaign for the Republican presidential nomination.
The Scottish government has announced plans to introduce a minimum price for alcohol in Scotland.
Former Status Quo guitarist Rick Parfitt has died at the age of 72.
The average age of a car insurance policy in England and Wales will rise by more than £1,000 in 2017, the AA has warned.
It's that time of the season again.
Partick Thistle boss Neil Lennon says his side are ready for the first leg of the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
A leading academic has called on the Scottish government to remove the role of the rector from higher education.
Peter Whittingham's contract at Ipswich Town has been extended until the end of the season.
The decommissioning of the Beatrice oil field in Caithness is under way.
World number one Lee Selby says he is not ready to reach the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship.
The wife of French presidential candidate Francois Fillon has offered to give evidence to French police investigating allegations of financial fraud, his spokesman has said.
Gylfi Kelly has been charged by the Football Association with gross misconduct.
League Two side Guiseley Town have signed defender Jo Cox on loan until the end of the season.
A statue of musician Ronson has been unveiled in Hull.
A mobile phone belonging to Metallica has been stolen from a house in Northumberland.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus.
Dylan O'Donnell has been left out of Strictly Come Dancing after failing to reach the semi-finals.
One of the world's most famous octopuses, Paul, has eaten a live octopus.
Colchester United have sacked manager Richard Lynch after just one game in charge of the League Two club.
A woman from Northamptonshire has become the first woman to win a con con at the World Para-Cuban Championships.
A man has been arrested after a sofa was tied to the back of a car.
At the Paris Airshow, the world's largest aircraft show, the first unmanned aircraft has been unveiled.
One of London's most famous bars has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The US has called on the UN Human Rights Council (HRC) to be reformed.
The Church of England has announced plans to divest its investment portfolio from fossil fuels.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin says he will meet his players to discuss the club's future.
Manchester United's hopes of reaching the Champions League quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Greek side Olympiakos.
The US has urged Pakistan to stop attacks on a military base in Indian-administered Kashmir.
A Pakistani woman who says she was forced into marriage by her Pakistani husband has arrived in India.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have won three Holyrood seats.
Venezuela's parliament has voted in favour of the re-election of President Antoinette Rajaricarinau.
England captain Alastair Cook became the first batsman to score a half-century in the first Test against Pakistan.
Glasgow lecturers have been suspended from strike action in a dispute over pay.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire, we take a look at some of the key questions facing the UK government.
A giant bouncy castle has broken the Guinness World Record for the largest in the world.
A gun has been found in the boot of a car in west Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has sentenced four boys to life in prison for the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl.
Mexico's interior minister, Arturo Galindindo, has been accused of failing to investigate the killings of four police officers during a police raid.
Security flaws in some of the world's largest airlines' flight booking systems have been discovered.
More than half of police officers in England and Wales are unhappy with the way they work, a survey suggests.
Leeds Rhinos reached the Super League quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Salford Red Devils.
A ban on pedestrians using Oxford's Oxford shopping centre has been lifted.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has said it is "very concerned" about the security of Bangladesh's capital Dhaka.
The interim chief executive of a Lancashire city council has been suspended.
David Cameron has said he wants to renegotiate Britain's relationship with the European Union.
Torquay United boss Paul Nicholson says his side must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers.
One of Scotland's most famous corms has gone on display at the Scottish Botanic Garden.
Tyson Fury says he will fight Wladimir Klitschko for the WBA heavyweight title at Wembley Stadium on Saturday.
A woman has admitted murdering two men who were found stabbed to death in Peterborough.
Unmanned planes could soon be able to fly with the help of the brain, according to a technology firm.
The decommissioning of a coal-fired power plant at RWE Power has been completed, the company has said.
Indonesia's largest opposition party, PDI-P, has won a majority of the country's parliament, preliminary results show.
Swiss brewer AB InBev has agreed to buy SABMiller, the world's biggest brewer, for an undisclosed sum.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) is to invest more than £1m in improving its tennis facilities in England and Wales.
The West Midlands is to receive the largest share of government funding for affordable homes in England, the government has announced.
An artificial intelligence (AI) team is taking on human players for the first time.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Chinese man in County Antrim.
Islamic State (IS) militants have retaken the Syrian city of Deir al-Zour from government forces, activists say.
A Vietnamese blogger has been jailed for four years for inciting hatred against the country's government, a court has ruled.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making his World Cup pre-tournament predictions on Saturday.
UK music revenues rose by more than a third last year, according to the British Music Association (BBA).
Taxi ride-hailing app Uber has agreed to pay $2.5bn (£1.2bn) to settle a series of lawsuits against the company.
A lion has escaped from the Karoo National Park in South Africa, officials say.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured at Westminster Abbey for the first time.
A man has been jailed for life for raping and murdering a 13-year-old girl in 1976.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir has sacked the head of the country's main opposition party.
A Russian cargo ship has failed to reach the International Space Station (ISS), the Russian space agency says.
In the middle of a refugee camp in northern Lebanon, a group of young men and women are making their way to the school.
A woman and a man have died after their boat capsized off the coast of South Africa.
A fire service has apologised to people affected by flooding in Yarmouth.
A cat that died after being poisoned in Glasgow has been named as Sox.
The US National League's Ospreys have apologised after a promotion for a Halloween party was posted on their Facebook page.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a 19-year-old woman.
It's that time of year again when you're sick.
A man has died and a woman has been seriously injured in a crash on the A9 in Ayrshire.
Leicester City have won the Premier League title for the first time in 17 years.
James Gubbins hit a career-best century as Somerset took control of the second day of their County Championship match against Somerset.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has been criticised for his decision to go to war with Iraq in 2003.
A wedding party has been held for a bride and groom after their boat became stuck in a river.
Doctor Who actor Bradley Wiggins has been offered the role of Doctor Hartnell in a new series of Doctor Who.
The European Commission has backed a proposal to allow the UK to build a nuclear power station at Hinkley Point.
Police have released a new image of a man they want to trace in connection with a gang rape of a couple in Kent.
Plans to transform Anglesey's former market hall have been given the go ahead.
The government has agreed to change the way police are stopped and searched, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Glenavon boss Paul Haveron says his side need to win their first league game of the season to maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
A Caerphilly county health board has voted against plans to cut maternity services at a north Wales hospital.
Dumfries and Galloway manager Derek McCann has admitted his side's poor start to the season was due to a lack of discipline.
Slovakia has been a member of the European Union since the end of World War Two.
Derby County have agreed a deal to sign former Derby County defender Matt Barker until the end of the season.
A new indoor bowling centre has opened in a seaside town.
England reached the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup with a comfortable victory over Belgium.
One of Google's most successful drones, Titan, has been shut down.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after he escaped from a hospital in Greater Manchester.
Prof Frank Pantridge, who invented the world's first portable defibrillator, has died at the age of 83.
The Great Britain Lionhearts beat Cuba to reach the semi-finals of the WBO World Championship.
Oldham Athletic reached the semi-finals of the Super League for the first time with a hard-fought victory over Hull KR.
The governor of the Iranian capital, Tehran, has approved plans to turn the former Evin prison into a museum.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
A man has been cleared of raping a 13-year-old girl in Greater Manchester.
In the wake of the death of one of the world's best-known footballers, there has been much talk about the dangers of heart disease.
The number of listeners on BBC Radio 4 has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to the BBC Radio 5 live statistics.
A celebration of the work of a Scottish medieval philosopher is taking place in Edinburgh.
Former Hoffenheim boss Marco Tedesco has signed a new two-year contract with German side Schalke.
Celtic have been handed a three-match ban by the European Football Association (UEFA).
A towpath has been closed to the public for more than two weeks as part of a £1m restoration project.
The Scottish Professional Footballers' Association (SPFL) has published a new code of conduct.
In the early 1980s, Maoist rebels in the western Indian state of Chhattisgarh formed a formidable force.
Scientists in the US have developed a technique that allows them to trace all of the cells in the body.
Paralympic gold medallist Helen Storey has become the first British woman to win a medal at the Rio Paralympics.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been sentenced to seven years in prison for corruption.
The Queen's Speech has been described as a "historic speech" by the prime minister.
A three-year-old boy has been shot dead by a crocodile in a remote part of Australia.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn from their World Cup defeat by Switzerland.
A mobile phone app has been launched to help people with mental health problems in Aberdeen.
Two men have been found guilty of illegally disposing of waste from a beach in County Londonderry.
Sri Lanka beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in the first Test in Galle.
Typhoon Hagupit has devastated parts of the Philippines, killing at least 11 people and leaving thousands homeless.
Ireland all-rounder Michael Rankin has signed a new three-year contract with England.
When Zinedine Zidane took over as Real Madrid manager at the end of the 2015-16 season, it was one of the most turbulent times in the club's history.
The decision to cut the number of county cricket matches in England has been criticised by the England Cricket Board (ECB).
Work is under way to restore a Grade II* listed cross which was damaged in a hit-and-run crash.
The French island of Reunion is one of the world's most important tourist attractions.
The new US secretary of state has said he is ready to co-operate with Russia.
Rory McIlroy shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead with Jordan Spieth at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Hibernian have appointed former Rotherham boss Alan Stubbs as their new manager.
In the early 1990s, a small village in the north-eastern Iraqi city of Mosul was one of the most remote places in the world.
West Ham boss Tony Gold has apologised to a fan who was mistaken for a West Ham player.
Hundreds of pounds worth of meat have been stolen from a butcher's shop in Powys.
Victoria Azarenka reached the third round of the French Open for the first time since giving birth to her daughter.
The Leeds Rhinos have been forced to close part of their training ground because of flooding.
Three teenagers have died in a suspected carbon monoxide poisoning incident at a house in northern Germany, police say.
The rise of so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria is being fuelled by corruption, a report says.
Mercedes have a "better chance" of winning this year's Australian Grand Prix, says Lewis Hamilton.
Astronomers say they have found evidence of heat rising above the surface of Jupiter.
Bradford Bulls have been given permission by the Rugby Football League (RFL) to rejoin the Super League.
Leicester Riders are in a good position to win the Premier League title for the first time in their history.
Kilmarnock maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Hearts.
The UK has the highest proportion of obese adults in Europe, according to new research.
Three people are in a critical condition in hospital after a car crashed in the centre of the French capital, Paris.
UK retail sales rose by more than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A horse has been disqualified from the Cheltenham Festival after being found to be the wrong horse.
Former cabinet secretary Gus O'Donnell has said it would be "difficult" for the UK to leave the European Union.
At least eight people have been killed in a fire at a factory in Bangladesh's capital, Dhaka, officials say.
French President Francois Hollande has called for the end of Nazi internment camps in the occupied West Germany.
Google has apologised to a student who accidentally bought a Google-owned web site.
Plans for a police inquiry into the 1984 Orgregre factory strike have been ruled out by the High Court.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle were held to a goalless draw by Motherwell.
One of the world's richest men, Charles F Feeney, has died at the age of 90.
A Conservative MP who lost his seat to a man claiming to be his ex-wife has been expelled from the party.
Indian film makers have declared a three-day holiday ahead of the release of Rajinikanth's Kabali in the southern state of Tamil Nadu.
Former NBA basketball player Lamar Odom has been found dead in a Nevada brothel.
In our series of letters from the European Parliament, the BBC looks at how the EU has reacted to the UK's decision to leave the EU.
Former world champion Bradley Wiggins has denied he used drugs to treat asthma.
More than 1,000 spiderlings have been released into the wild for the first time.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) party has won a majority in Myanmar's parliament.
When she was a little girl, she wanted to be a doctor.
Tens of thousands of Sudanese soldiers have been killed in clashes with South Sudan's army in Heglig province, state media report.
Plans to build more than 1,000 homes in a wooded area of Somerset have been given the go-ahead.
The number of EU workers in the UK has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Oscar-winning artist Peter Simpson has won the prestigious John Moores Painting Prize for the first time.
Police in Nigeria's second largest city, Lagos, have filed a legal challenge to the arrest of a suspected kidnapper.
Northern Ireland midfielder Jack Paterson says he is "devastated" by his side's 1-1 draw with Israel in Tel Aviv.
The chairman of the Northern Ireland Securities and Markets Authority (Nama) has refused to attend a public inquiry into the sale of Nama loans.
Tens of thousands of people have been affected by flooding at a London Tube station.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is expected to abdicate at the end of the year, state media report.
A company that plans to drill for oil and gas in Northern Ireland has been given the go-ahead.
Members of the assembly should be elected to the assembly, a think tank has suggested.
UK universities could expand overseas if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
Napping more than three hours a day may be linked to a higher risk of type 2 diabetes, say Japanese researchers.
Great Britain have been knocked out of the World Para-athletics Championships by Slovakia.
The remains of a teenager shot dead by a soldier during the Troubles are to be exhumed.
The winner of this year's Salt Salt Book Awards has been announced by the Salt Salt Society.
It's not every day you get a chance to score a goal.
The number of house price rises in the UK has reached a record high for the first time, official figures show.
London's Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has warned that some hospitals are struggling to cope with rising costs of accommodation.
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend Tammi Karrueche has confirmed that she is expecting her first child.
The family of a Texas woman who died after being arrested for allegedly trying to kill a police officer say they believe she hanged herself.
The United Nations is in the midst of a major shake-up.
N-Dubz have been nominated for a record number of awards at this year's Brit Awards.
Six people have been arrested as part of a crackdown on drugs dealing in Gloucestershire.
England have named Stephen Cook as their opening batsman for the second Test against South Africa in Johannesburg.
Tens of thousands of anti-fascists have marched through a seaside town, police have said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Bhutan for the first time.
A new map of glaciers in the French Alps has been published.
A man who bought his first home in Kent has been branded a "racist" by a human rights group.
At least 30 people have been injured after a train derailed near a railway station in the Bulgarian capital, Sofia.
A man has pleaded guilty to stealing a woman's handbag from a bridge.
Lewis Hamilton beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to win the Mexican Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
The parents of a six-year-old boy who died after being hit by a motorbike have said they are "devastated".
A replica of Thunderbirds has been sold at auction for £1,000.
New GCSE and A-level exams are to be scrapped in England and Wales, the government has announced.
Nigeria's national football federation (NFF) has sacked former Ivory Coast coach Stephen Keshi.
The government is considering curbing the number of people allowed to live and work in the UK, the BBC understands.
A man has been jailed for five years after being found guilty of having sex with children online.
The number of waiting times at A&E departments in England has fallen to its lowest level for more than five years, NHS England has said.
Rotherham council has called for an independent investigation into the decision to remove two children from the care of a Jewish couple.
Former world number one Andy Murray has won a £1m bet on the first round of the Aegon Championships in Aberdeen.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
The former governor of the Mexican state of Tamaulipas, Joaquin Yarrington, has been arrested in Mexico, officials say.
Colchester moved to within three points of the League One play-off places with victory over Chesterfield.
London's Tower Bridge is to be closed to the public for more than a year as part of a major restoration project.
Sir Tom Hiddleston is to return to The Voice UK for the first time.
The world's most famous children's books are to be re-released in the UK for the first time.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death.
Brentwood could be put on the map if a series of reality TV shows goes ahead, the town's council has said.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby daughter.
Microsoft has bought AOL's AOL patents for $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in a deal that will see the social network pay back the money it lost to the company.
Sinn Féin fly-half Conor Bowe has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
US President Donald Trump has said he does not want any recordings of his conversations with former FBI Director James Comey.
The leader of the Liberal Democrats has said the party is committed to improving the NHS in Wales.
Celtic boss Ronny Levein says he is "disappointed" at the club's poor start to the season.
Hundreds of people are being urged to help tackle mountain fires in south Wales.
Former US President Barack Obama has chosen Chicago as his preferred city for a new library.
Japanese carmaker Suzuki has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
A British woman has been told her passport has been cancelled after she changed her middle name to Luke Skywalker.
A brother and sister have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Sinn Féin's Hannah Mitchell won the women's 400m and 800m at the World Athletics Championships in Londonderry.
Rangers will face holders Celtic in the semi-finals of the Scottish League Cup.
The death of a three-year-old girl in Pakistan's capital, Karachi, has been described as a tragedy.
The families of three men who died when a wall collapsed at a waste processing plant in West Midlands have said they are "devastated".
Shrewsbury's League Two play-off hopes were ended as they were held to a goalless draw by Rochdale.
Coventry City Council has said it is "disappointed" by the government's decision to resettle Syrian refugees.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison for attempting to blow up a plane on a flight from London to the US.
Tui has said it has been "devastated" by the Tunisian attack on its Greek holidaymakers.
A large unexploded unexploded World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in the Scottish Borders.
The US Supreme Court has refused to rule on whether religious groups should be allowed to provide contraception.
A plane carrying more than 1,000 solar cells has been forced to abandon its attempt to cross the Pacific Ocean.
Celtic have signed teenage striker Karamoko Moussa for the first time.
Harriers head coach Colum Gordon has been the best manager in the club's history, according to his former boss.
A dog-themed podcast has been stolen from a Texas radio station, the BBC has learned.
Manchester City suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Swansea City at Etihad Stadium.
World number one Rory McIlroy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the Shenzhen Open in China.
Liam Doughty's second-half equaliser earned Swindon victory over Millwall in the League Two play-off final.
Prime Minister Theresa May has defended her handling of the London terror attacks, saying it was not necessary to cut police numbers.
Former Sinn Féin leader Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 83.
Coventry's cathedral has been lit up to mark the 100th anniversary of the end of World War Two.
Indian singer Robin Sarstedt has died at the age of 83, his family has confirmed.
Oscar-winning author Helen Blackman is to star in a new series of children's television series.
Six men have been charged with rape and attempted rape.
Manchester City defender Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
BP has suspended all foreign staff from the UK's embassy in Libya, the Foreign Office (FBE) has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at how the head teachers in England have reacted to the government's plans to force all schools to become academies.
More than 100 patients have been evacuated from a ward at the University Hospital of Northern Ireland (UHI) after a suspected smoke inhalation.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of actor Adam Hayden.
A 10-year-old boy who died after being hit by a train has been given a life support programme.
A young actor who starred in the cult TV series Two Men's Half Men has said he is no longer interested in watching the show.
The UK has become the first country in the world to connect to a major hydro-electric power network.
A man who survived the Manchester Arena attack has said he has been "devastated" by the response to the attack.
South Africa's national park has said it is considering killing a lion it had been trying to capture for more than a year.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election has been dominated by the two main parties, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and the UUP.
Alex Sando's first-half equaliser gave Queens Park Rangers victory over Ipswich Town.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that the number of cases of Ebola in West Africa is at an all-time high.
Six petrol bombs have been thrown at police officers in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (ESA) has launched a new satellite to study the Earth.
The Scottish fishing industry has said it does not support remaining in the European Union.
A man has died after a bus he was travelling in crashed into a bus.
Barcelona midfielder Antoine Griezmann has signed a new four-year contract with the Spanish club.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle head coach Derek Foran says the club's relegation from the Scottish Premiership is a "game-changer".
A Pembrokeshire man has said he has been left "devastated" after a wall collapsed in Fife.
The future of East Dunbartonshire Council is in doubt, according to a report.
A man who raped a woman more than 20 years ago has been jailed for life.
One of China's most famous writers, Zhou Xiaobo, has died at the age of 90.
League Two side Stevenage have signed Stevenage striker Alex Hyde on a season-long loan deal.
Two productions from Chichester have been shortlisted for this year's Olivier Awards.
Norwich City striker Alex Naismith says he is relishing the chance to play for the first time under new manager Paul Farke.
Scientists say they have found a way to restore the ears of deaf people.
Plans for a £1bn development in Oxford have been submitted to the city council.
Tunisian voters will go to the polls on 8 November to elect a new president.
Johnny Cash's first solo album has been released for the first time.
Children in Wales are more likely to experience physical and mental health problems than those in other parts of the world, a study suggests.
A former Celtic player has appeared in court charged with sex offences against boys.
Scotland's athletes have been selected to represent Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
Former Vale of Glamorgan boss Paulo Ribeiro has left the League One club.
Schools in Derbyshire have been forced to close their libraries, a union has said.
Mae adeilad o bobl sydd wedi cael cyngor meddai arweinydd Cyngor Kensington yn yn ddechreu yn glir eto.
Bournemouth have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate information about player transfers.
Hundreds of people have gathered in Aragon to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a Tudor princess.
British computer scientist Alan Turing has been granted a royal pardon.
US President Barack Obama has visited the home of Jamaican singer Marlon Marley.
Oldham Athletic's FA Cup fourth-round tie against Reading has been postponed because of heavy rain.
Scotland's Rory Lyle has been invited to play at the Masters for the first time.
Former Middlesex batsman Michael Simpson has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
The US Supreme Court has ruled that President Donald Trump's controversial travel ban is unconstitutional.
The Archbishop of Wales has said he will not allow Christians to go to refugee camps in Syria.
Human remains have been found in a river in the northern Indian state of Maharashtra, police say.
Wales beat the Armed Forces to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Rugby World Cup.
A man has been jailed for life after a hoax phone call was made to patients at a hospital.
A former member of the rock band The Smiths has said he has no intention of re-signing with Morris Morris.
Motherwell have appointed former Motherwell boss Mark McGhee as their new manager.
The world's food supply is at risk of being threatened by climate change, according to a new report.
A section of the Northumberland Main Line has reopened after being closed due to a power cut.
A blood test could be used to detect ovarian cancer in the early stages of life, say researchers.
England's record-breaking start to the Six Nations has come to an end.
Three people have been killed in a gas explosion in New York City, officials say.
Mobile phone maker BB&T has launched a new Android smartphone.
The spread of antibiotic resistance genes across the world is increasing, according to a new study.
A man has died after being attacked in Greater Manchester.
A "racist" mural has been removed from a primary school in Edinburgh.
Top seed Stan Wawrinka reached the semi-finals of the Indian Wells Open with a straight-set victory over Dominic Thiem.
National League side St Johnstone have signed striker Scott MacLean on a season-long loan deal.
The creation of Dolly, the first human cell to be successfully grown, was a landmark moment in the history of human cloning.
A man who posed as a teenage girl online has been jailed for four years.
Turkish-backed Kurdish fighters have launched a fierce offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Kobane.
Work on a new bridge over a river in Sussex has been delayed until the end of the year.
A Pembrokeshire man has celebrated his 100th birthday.
Human remains have been found in a garden in County Armagh.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola will travel to China to face Premier League leaders Leicester and Manchester City in the summer.
Aberdeen-based energy firm Aggreko has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year.
A cyclist has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man accused of involvement in the Kingsmills massacre.
A police appeal for information about a clown who posed as a school clown has been rejected.
When Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan shot and killed a Russian diplomat in Ankara, it was a shock.
Architect Leon Leoni's Clandon House, which was destroyed in a fire last year, is to be restored.
When the UK voted to leave the European Union in June 2016, it was the first time I had ever heard the word "no".
Mae Cymru wedi cywir ac enwau'r adar eraill.
Alex Baptiste's first-half equaliser gave Preston victory over Norwich in the National League.
A man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of two cows found dumped in a field in Conwy county.
Three Birmingham schools have been warned they could lose their funding if they fail to comply with an Ofsted report.
Aberdeen have signed midfielder Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season.
A GP who punched a patient in the face has been banned from the profession for three years.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in West Yorkshire.
Spencer has been crowned the world champion of the cowbell jump.
The Lethal Weapon film is to be made into a TV series, according to reports.
Australia captain Brendon Faulkner hit a century as his side beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Colombo.
Islamic State and so-called Islamic State (IS) have been banned from the UK.
Estonia has been a member of the European Union since the end of World War Two.
Plans for a new school in Dumfries and Galloway have been unveiled.
Cardiff City have appointed former manager Craig Slade as their new manager.
A former police helicopter pilot has been found guilty of filming naked naturals.
A Sinn Féin MP has written to the Irish government asking for information about the Nama loan deal.
Spanish police officer Ignacio Echeverría has been awarded the highest civilian honour in the world.
Rory McIlroy shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the PGA Championship.
TV presenter Jessica Jones has given birth to her first child.
Plans to expand the Humber Bridge have been given the go-ahead.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Bromley were held to a goalless draw by Torquay United in the National League.
The Labour Party has launched its manifesto for the general election.
Great Britain's Sarah Tait has died at the age of 82.
A play about King Richard III is to be performed at Leicester Cathedral.
The new chief executive of a housing association has been appointed.
A Belfast-based aerospace company has announced it is closing its Belfast factory.
New Zealand reached the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time with a convincing victory over France.
A new satellite has been launched into the Peruvian Amazon.
Turkey's foreign minister has called for an international meeting to discuss the country's role in the fight against so-called Islamic State (IS).
West Ham United has been refused permission to reveal details of its lease of the Olympic Stadium.
Jockey Jade Payne has been banned from racing for three months after failing a drugs test.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "disappointed" with his squad after his side failed to reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has said he is committed to protecting the country's mangrove forests.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he was "disappointed" with his side's poor start to the season.
London has become the first city in the UK to raise the minimum wage to £5.30 an hour.
Popular anti-Islam blogger Pamela Geller, who was shot dead by a gunman in Dallas last year, has been criticised for her "anti-Islam" stance.
Former world champion Michael Wurz has resigned from his role as director of the Manx Formula 1 team.
Argentina has the highest levels of inequality in the world, according to a new report.
South Korea's Ding Junhui shot a four-under-par 65 to win the PGA Championship for the second year in a row.
Aberdeen's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Europa League were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by Fola.
Conor McGregor has pulled out of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) event in Las Vegas.
Vincenzo Nibali has won the second stage of the Vuelta a Espana, taking the overall lead from team-mate Tom Dumoulin.
A portrait of a former Cheltenham shop owner has been painted on the wall of his shop.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has been caught up in a bitter row with Russia over the Syrian government's treatment of President Bashar al-Assad.
The former deputy attorney general of the US Department of Justice has been appointed by President Barack Obama.
A collection of historic seaside huts has been awarded more than £1m by the government.
The Russian military says it has found "lost" data from a Turkish F-16 fighter jet that was shot down in Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop set a new world record in the first practice session of the Isle of Man Grand Prix.
The head of the Human Rights Commission (HRC) has resigned, the Australian government has said.
A Dundee hospital has become the first in the UK to offer laser laser surgery to two identical twins.
Welsh cyclist Adam King says he would like to compete at the 2017 Commonwealth Games in London.
The death of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch has sparked outrage across the country.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Nato) has created a database of the names of Nazi prisoners held at Auschwitz.
French judo star Jean-Claude Roux has spoken about his experiences with racial abuse.
Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri has urged his players to "fight for their lives" after his side lost to Millwall.
A 92-year-old woman has died in a two-car crash in Sheffield.
More than 1,000 people have joined a search for a missing woman who went missing at a nightclub in Swindon.
The Department of Health and Social Care (DSP) is to invest £1m in mental health services in Northern Ireland.
A World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour.
Welsh Labour and Plaid Cymru have agreed a deal to form a coalition government, the party has confirmed.
Russia's President Dmitry Medvedev has said the country is at the brink of a "new Cold War".
A new species of pink shrimp has been discovered in the waters of the Pacific Ocean.
Scientists say they have developed a new type of glue that can stick to the skin.
NHS 111 services in Norfolk and Waveney have been put on hold because of staff shortages, a report has found.
Two British tourists who were rescued from a boat that capsized off the Indonesian island of Sumatra have been found safe and well.
A bid to buy a former hospital in Denbighshire has been put up for sale.
McLaren, the world's most successful Formula 1 team, is in a state of disarray.
Thieves have stolen more than £20,000 from a military base in Aberdeen.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir has been asked to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
The helmsman of a cargo ship which crashed in the River Thames was not responsible for its collision, a report has found.
Police investigating the death of a woman who was found at her home in County Armagh have issued a fresh appeal for information.
A man who stabbed a man to death in Swansea has been told he will not be able to stand trial.
The Venice Film Festival has announced the nominees for this year's Golden Lion Award, which will be won by Oscar-winning director Daniel Radcliffe.
Ugandan opposition leader Peter Besigye has won the presidential election, beating President Yoweri Museveni.
The family of a student who died after a car crash have paid tribute to her.
Scotland beat South Africa to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup.
Spain's banks have received a total of 59.3bn euros (Â£47bn) in loans from the European Central Bank (ECB).
Johanna Konta is one of the world's most successful female tennis players.
Singer Lizzie Minnelli has cancelled a concert in Sheffield after it was cancelled.
An 18-year-old man has been questioned by police investigating the murder of ex-Lord Palmer.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in a flat in Hertfordshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the reaction to the recent terror attack in London.
The father of a boy who died in a crush at Sheffield Wednesday's FA Cup semi-final has told the inquests how he tried to resuscitate him.
A look back at some of the best quotes from the week in entertainment.
Ex-Colchester United midfielder Dean Cox says he will not be able to play in the League Two for the rest of the season.
Chelsea defender David Luiz has left Paris St-Germain to join French side PSG for an undisclosed fee.
Children's charity Kids Company has been accused of being "bullied" by the government, a report has found.
The body of a British man who went missing in Monaco has been found in Monaco, an inquest has heard.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg says he wants to win the Spanish Grand Prix for the first time this season.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a 13-year-old boy in Alabama.
Conservationists should be allowed to sell their land to the private sector, Wales' environment minister has said.
The number of children's TV programmes on the BBC has fallen to its lowest level since 2008, according to a report by Ofcom.
Police Scotland's chief constable Ian Macheskill has said he does not want to interfere with the investigation into the death of Ian Bayoh.
More than 1,000 people have been selected to be the torchbearers for the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has said he wants to publish more information about the US intelligence agency.
As I drive through the city of Ulsan, South Korea, I feel a sense of unease.
A woman whose body was found in a burnt-out house in Aberdeenshire died from carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
The British Cycling chief executive has been speaking to the BBC about how to get involved in the sport.
A decade ago, the UK's Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) approved a drug to treat multiple sclerosis.
Thousands of British soldiers are to lose their jobs as part of a government plan to cut the size of the armed forces.
A group of people with Down's syndrome has been taking part in an art exhibition in the capital, Cardiff.
Ronaldo Nani's second-half equaliser gave the USA a 2-1 win over Portugal in the opening game of their World Cup qualifying campaign.
A British Rowing team has been accused of being "bullied and intimidated" by a female coach.
Scientists say they have developed stem cells that can kill brain tumours.
A father has been found guilty of causing the deaths of his two children by dangerous driving.
A pogo runner has broken the world record for the longest run on a pogo stick.
Plans for a bus stop in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Police investigating the disappearance of a Hertfordshire car have said they are still looking for a buyer.
Sunderland striker Jade Mead says she wants to play in the Premier League.
Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has condemned the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Mattower has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A cat has died following a suspected poisoning in County Londonderry.
Championship side Leopards have been granted permission to play in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) for the first time.
ITV's E4 programme has been switched off for the first time since the general election.
One of the UK's most controversial films, Pride, has been released in the West End.
At least 84 people have been killed in a suicide bomber attack in the Iraqi city of Iskandariya, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to open four new luxury hotels in the Red Sea resort city of Mecca.
A Citroen car dealership has been forced to close after a fire broke out.
Fleetwood Town were held to a goalless draw by League One side Fleetwood Town.
A UN committee has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to reform its education system.
A woman has been charged with causing death by careless driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car.
An original Beatles album sleeve has topped a list of the world's best-sellers.
World number one Johanna Konta beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the French Open.
At least eight people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in central Italy, officials say.
Hotels in Northern Ireland have been urged to develop a strategy to deal with the rising demand for hotel rooms.
Three men have been charged over the death of a three-year-old boy.
Disney has been talking about technology for a long time.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tommy Seymour have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Manchester City have signed Barcelona striker Lucas Perez on a season-long loan deal.
A painting by Adolf Hitler has sold for more than $1m (£1m) at a Munich auction.
West Ham United's bid to take over the London Stadium has been rejected by the government.
The deputy first minister has said she has no idea how to deal with Stormont's budget crisis.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says his side's performance against France was "very good".
Porpoises have been attacked by dolphins in Aberdeen, according to a marine biologist.
Burkina Faso's President Yahya Jammeh has vowed to cut the number of jobs in the country.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a Grade II listed building in Greater Manchester.
A wind farm in County Tyrone has collapsed.
A major power cut in Ukraine's capital, Kiev, has been confirmed as a result of a cyber-attack by Russian hackers.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been presented with the Queen's New Year Honours.
Fox News chief executive Roger Ailes and chief executive Jeff Abernethy have been appointed as co-presidents of the network.
India's Supreme Court has postponed the trial of three marines accused of shooting dead a fisherman in the southern Indian state of Kerala.
The death of former world heavyweight champion Muhammed Ali has shocked the world.
It's a busy day at the Metropolitan Police headquarters in London.
A third runway could be built at Gatwick Airport, the mayor of London has said.
The St Peter's ward has been re-elected for the first time after a by-election.
Canada has become the first member of the European Union to ban imports of beef.
Plans to close a former Brecon Barracks in Ceredigion have been condemned by MPs.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been criticised for his decision to ban the use of social media.
The Duke of Edinburgh has been taken to hospital after suffering a stroke.
A Scottish government scheme to help minority ethnic minority women get into the workforce has been given the go ahead.
Police in the Amazonas state of Amazonas say they are continuing to search for inmates who escaped from a prison in the Brazilian city of Praia da Silva.
Ospreys fly-half Shane Williams has signed a new three-year deal with Japan.
(Close): Mining shares led the FTSE 100 index lower, with gold leading the way.
The winner of the Euromillions jackpot has been revealed.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in China's Xinjiang region, state media report.
A three-year-old boy has been found dead in a river in Aberdeenshire.
Oscar-winning actress Charlotte Peake is to star in a new adaptation of Hamlet.
A 13-year-old girl has written to the prime minister asking him to fix the Westminster bell.
A body has been found in a street in Northamptonshire.
An ombudsman has called for an independent investigation into the death of a prisoner at a Northern Ireland prison.
Human remains have been unearthed at a former railway station in Peterborough.
A legal challenge to Canada's ban on the so-called Islamic State (IS) niqab has been dropped.
The number of cats living on a tiny island in Japan has doubled in the past year, according to the government.
Actress Keira Knightley and actor James Forrester have married in France.
Hundreds of unpaid carers are to get a boost in the amount they pay, the leader of the Labour Party has said.
Justin Bieber has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Los Angeles.
The European Union's critics have called for a radical rethink of its relationship with the rest of the world.
Edinburgh suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Newport Gwent Dragons.
A French woman accused of murdering her three children has been found not guilty of incest.
Clermont Auvergne reached the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup with a hard-fought victory over Sale.
The Scottish justice secretary has said he will continue to work with the Scottish government to protect the rights of children and young people.
The family of a student who went missing more than two weeks ago have appealed for help in tracing him.
A Silicon Valley start-up has said it has fixed a bug in its YoYo app.
The Scottish music scene is one of the most vibrant in the world.
Volunteers are being asked to donate £1,000 to a charity set up in Snowdonia.
The former national security adviser to US President Barack Obama has denied any wrongdoing.
Former Prime Minister Tony Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and David Pollard hit centuries as Australia beat West Indies by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the World Twenty20.
Ivory Coast striker Wilfried Zaha will be allowed to switch allegiance to England, says manager Sam Allardyce.
Scottish Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will not be intimidated if he wins the leadership of the party.
Scott McManus' second-half equaliser earned Alloa Athletic victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
One of the biggest changes to milk prices in the world has come into effect.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of the city.
Swindon Town chairman Paul Clapham has resigned from the board of the National League club.
Violent clashes have broken out at a Maruti Suzuki factory in the northern Indian state of Haryana.
Wales' hopes of avoiding relegation from the Six Nations are "not realistic", says scrum-half Rhys Owens.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being robbed at gunpoint in County Antrim.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have taken part in a concert in the German city of Hamburg.
Sierra Leone has declared a state of emergency in a bid to contain the spread of the deadly Ebola virus.
Oliver Walz won gold in the men's canoe at the European Championships in Barcelona.
SSE has been given the go-ahead to build a new high-speed rail line through Inverness.
A former Labour MP has apologised after posting a picture of a Palestinian flag on her Facebook page.
A former Polish academic has been found guilty of plotting to attack the Polish parliament, a court has heard.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has confirmed that North Korea has restarted a nuclear reactor at its Yongbyon nuclear plant.
A koala has been named Bear Grylls after an Australian woman who was hit by a car.
League One side Leeds United have signed striker Alex Antonsson on a season-long loan deal from Kalispell.
League One side Walsall have signed former Falkirk striker Ryan Leahy on a season-long loan deal.
Sierra Leone has become the first country in the world to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus.
The German Federal FV (FV) says it has arrested a man suspected of being a member of the so-called Islamic State (IS).
Campaigning is under way in Hong Kong for the first time since the end of the Umbrella Movement.
Premier League leaders Manchester City and Burnley continued their winning start to the season.
French comedian Charlie Dieudonne has been remanded in custody after being found guilty of terrorism offences.
The Home Office has apologised after a spelling error was made in its English language guidance.
A 13-year-old girl has been killed by a rhino at a zoo in the northern African city of Rabat, the zoo says.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an armed robbery in Londonderry.
The Queen's Speech has been criticised by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG).
Manchester City midfielder Saido Toure says he would not have kicked Tottenham striker Raheem Sterling after the Premier League leaders were held to a draw.
The Labour Party is in a "catastrophic crisis" in Wales, according to former Liberal Democrat leader John Howells.
Sale Sharks head coach Ronny Solomona has said he is "very excited" about the prospect of signing international internationals from England.
Police Scotland's call-handling system is "inadequate", according to a report.
Hairdresser Richard Howe has died at the age of 90.
Tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in Costa Rica after a volcano erupted.
Exeter City striker Chris Butterfield says he will not be leaving the club at the end of the season.
A dog restaurant in London has become the first in the world to allow dogs to eat their dinner.
More than £20m has been pledged to support GP surgeries in Scotland over the next five years, the government has announced.
Author Hilary Hilary has been named the UK's best-selling crime novel.
A couple who had their baby girl taken from a hospital in Buckinghamshire have said they have been treated like "animals".
Israel's Supreme Court has lifted the jail sentence of a former head teacher accused of historical child sex abuse.
A man has been taken to hospital after being airlifted to hospital following a 999 call.
The price of school uniforms has reached a new all-time high, according to a new study.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has published its annual report.
World number one Henrik Stenson shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the BMW Championship in Germany.
The European Space Agency's Cassini space probe has made its first close-in approach to Saturn.
Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee for president in November's US presidential election, has been accused of being too soft on the US military.
Mattel has said it is in talks with toy giant Hasbro over a possible takeover of its toy business.
A campaign to control the spread of tuberculosis (TB) has been launched in Cheshire.
Tanzania is one of the world's most popular seaside towns.
Jutting Jutting, one of Indonesia's richest men, has been sentenced to life in prison.
Plans for fracking in North Yorkshire have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Venezuelan soldiers have been arrested in connection with an attack on a military barracks, the country's army chief has said.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland.
Second-placed Featherstone Rovers reached the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup with a hard-fought victory over Halifax.
The coroner responsible for inquests into the deaths of two men who were shot dead during the Troubles has resigned.
Children's services in Birmingham have improved, a report has found.
Five of the UK's leading academics have called on Prime Minister David Cameron to "reconcile" the country's immigration policy.
The president of the International Association of Athletics Federations, Lord Coe, has resigned.
A 16-year-old girl who has been held in police cells for more than a year has been found.
Thailand has cancelled a meeting with the International Human Rights Watch (IHR).
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a Victorian Tudor mansion in Oxfordshire for the first time.
Astronomers have confirmed that a huge asteroid has passed close to our Solar System.
An 18-year-old man has pleaded not guilty to throwing a banana at police in the Mexican city of Santa Fe.
Jockey George O'Brien has been discharged from hospital after suffering a serious head injury in the Grand National at New Zealand.
It's the first day of the new year in the House of Commons.
It's one of North Korea's most famous pastimes.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a worker died in a crash on a dual carriageway.
Two window cleaners have been rescued after falling from a skyscraper in New York.
A police officer who shot and killed a teenage boy in Texas has been fired.
Pop star Edi Minogue has been awarded an honorary degree by a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge beat Cheltenham to reach the League Two play-off quarter-finals.
Sinn Féin's Gerry Murchí has died at the age of 83.
Northern Ireland's food minister has met China's ambassador to the United States to discuss beef and lamb imports.
A key part of a World War Two computer that was used to communicate with the Nazis has been recreated.
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini says he expects Carlos Tevez to return to the club next season.
Turkish media watchdog Cumhuriyet has suspended the editor of one of the country's biggest newspapers after a failed coup in July.
England's Scott Fitzpatrick shot a four-under-par 65 to move into a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Two women have been raped and robbed at gunpoint at their home in County Armagh, police have said.
More than 100 people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in Christchurch, New Zealand's prime minister has said.
For the first time, you can make your own semiconductors.
Swansea City midfielder Jack Stephens says his side can bounce back from their first defeat of the season.
A cat has been reunited with some of his favourite toys after being caught stealing them.
Salford Red Devils claimed their first Super League win of the season with a bonus-point victory over Castleford Tigers.
Dyson has pulled out of plans for a £1bn expansion of its headquarters in Malton.
Portugal beat Cape Verde to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup.
The House of Lords has voted in favour of sweeping changes to the powers of the Investigatory Powers Act.
The border between Mexico and the United States is one of the most dangerous in the world.
Leinster extended their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points with a convincing victory over Glasgow Warriors.
The Himalayan region of Nepal has been gripped by a spate of landslides and floods in recent years, the BBC has learned.
A consumer group has called for internet providers to be more transparent about how much they charge for broadband services.
Birmingham City's hopes of reaching the Women's FA Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Chelsea.
A new form of antibiotic-resistant pig disease could be developed in the UK, say researchers.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Stan Wawrinka to reach the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals.
World number one Andy Murray and world number one Novak Djokovic will meet in the French Open final on Sunday.
Dundee striker Robbie Goodwillie says he does not want to think about the future of his career.
A 16-year-old girl has become the world's youngest female chess champion.
Paralympic gold medallist Katie Ledecky won gold in the women's 400m final at the Rio Olympics.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Romanian woman who went missing more than a year ago.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has launched his campaign for the Scottish Labour leadership.
Sudan have been ruled out of qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals by the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Jean-Louis Akpa-Akpro scored twice as Barnet came from behind to beat Mansfield.
The creator of the animated TV series The Simpsons has revealed that he is living in the US.
The chief executive of Belfast International Airport has told the Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny that the UK's decision to leave the European Union was a "mistake".
A man who raped and sexually assaulted young women has been jailed for four years.
Two of Spain's most prominent left-of-centre mayors have called for a radical shake-up of politics.
A woman who died after being attacked by a sex worker has been named by police.
India's economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
A woman who was murdered by her ex-boyfriend has been criticised by a police watchdog.
A prison in Wiltshire has been rated "inadequate" by a watchdog.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has called for an urgent meeting to discuss the plight of girls who were kidnapped by Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria.
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he did not want to be a landlord.
Andy Carroll will not be included in England's squad for Euro 2016, says manager Roy Hodgson.
A Pembrokeshire swimming pool has reopened to the public.
The US has expressed concern about the plight of Yazidis in the northern Iraqi town of Nineveh.
The mother of one of the victims of the collapse of the Rotherham Power Station has said she is "devastated" the search for her husband is still on.
A new Hippodrome in the heart of a seaside town is to open to the public.
Downton Abbey's Bob the Builder is to return to the TV screens for a second series.
The number of district nurses working in hospitals in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past five years, a union has said.
Tens of thousands of people have attended the funeral of a man shot dead by police in Bradford.
Solihull Solihull Moors have signed defender Alex Edwards on a season-long loan deal.
Protests have broken out in the Pakistani city of Lahore in the wake of last week's deadly anti-Christian riots.
Durham beat Nottinghamshire by eight wickets on a rain-affected day at Headingley.
Scientists say they have found the world's oldest groundwater reserves.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport has said it is "not at all concerned" by a newspaper's handling of a property scandal.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as West Brom came from behind to beat Everton and move up to third in the Premier League.
Cardiff has become the first county in the world to have more than 100,000 full-time seats, says head coach Mark Morris.
World Darts champion Michael Ford says he would love to play at Lakeside Darts Club in Wolverhampton.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has banned non-governmental organisations from attending its annual monetary policy meeting.
Colin McCall has been named in the Republic of Ireland's squad for the World Cup qualifier against Mexico.
Islamic State (IS) militants have claimed to have shot dead a naval vessel in the Sinai peninsula.
The richest man in the world, Sir Philip Green, has been appointed as the UK's new chief executive.
England Under-20s reached the semi-finals of the European Under-19 Championship for the first time with victory over Uruguay.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa international Kyle Abbott on a short-term deal until the end of the season.
Belfast's Ryan McKenna has reached the semi-finals of the European Championships for the first time.
In our series of letters from the BBC, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt looks at how pharmacists are being used in the NHS.
Six children have been taken to hospital after a rollercoaster fell on them at a carnival in Dorset.
The mother of a terminally ill woman has been found guilty of attempting to kill herself, the Court of Appeal has ruled.
A woman has been offered a job as a hedgehog conservationist in Ipswich.
Four Afghan soldiers died when their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan, an inquest has heard.
Dozens of people have been killed in a stampede in Ethiopia's Oromo region, police say.
Lancashire reached the semi-finals of the T20 Blast with a hard-fought victory over Cornwall.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a mentally ill man.
South Sudan's government has announced that it will withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
A cyclist who died after being hit by a pothole in Monmouthshire could have been saved, a coroner has ruled.
Newcastle United boss Steve McClaren has resigned.
Banks in the UK could be forced to relocate to other European countries if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has ruled that abortion laws in Northern Ireland are unconstitutional.
Police in the German city of Heidelberg have arrested a man after he was bitten by a rhino.
A Russian think tank says it has been banned from registering as a foreign agent.
Plaid Cymru leader Rhys Davies has said he is "disappointed" by the result of the EU referendum.
In the early hours of Friday morning, Barcelona's streets were packed with people who had never been to the city before.
The BBC's Sound Of 2016 list of the UK's best-selling artists has been released.
A man has been arrested after a rare rare species of animal was seized at Heathrow Airport.
A man has been arrested in connection with the Berlin terror attack, prosecutors say.
The head of a children's choir has apologised for saying that Christmas is a "fairytale".
A man has died following a fire at a house in Londonderry.
Angelina Jolie has been named best actress at the Sarajevo International Film Festival.
Two ex-police officers have been jailed for using a computer system to steal information from a former PCSO.
A six-year-old boy has called his mother to tell her he has missed his first Mother's Day game.
Celtic came from behind to beat Rangers and reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
Plans for a new M74 motorway in Glasgow have been criticised by a new study.
Pro-Russian separatists have seized the headquarters of Ukraine's regional government in the eastern city of Luhansk.
Oscar-winning actor Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a new adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth.
Belgium's King Albert II has apologised for his controversial Christmas message.
Northamptonshire batsman Mark Wood has been named in England's squad for the 2017 One-Day Cup against South Africa.
The organisers of this year's fleadh in Londonderry have backed a bid to revive the event.
A County Londonderry woodland has been planted in memory of those who died in World War One.
A sign on Nottingham's main railway line has been mistakenly written "Chillill Road".
Ethiopian athlete Feyisa has become the first athlete to cross the finish line of a major Olympic Games.
A road barrier that led to the death of a 13-year-old girl in a crash in County Tyrone has been removed.
Five people have been killed in a knife attack at a train station in the Chinese city of Kunming, state media report.
Energy firm EDF has announced a three-year increase in the price of its fixed and dual-fuel bills.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the UK's EU referendum campaign.
Mae Llywodraeth wedi cael ei dweud ei cael oed ei gael yn ôl ei fyddiad.
An ex-prison officer has been cleared of causing the death of a mentally ill man by force.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday, dragged down by a sharp fall in oil prices.
Police are appealing for information after two puppies were stolen from a house in Perthshire.
Tens of thousands of bonfires across Northern Ireland have been vandalised, the PSNI has said.
Celta Vigo have completed the signing of defender Juan Cuadrado on a season-long loan.
A Welsh assembly member has called for a ban on fees charged by landlords to tenants.
The Metropolitan Police's handling of historical child sex abuse allegations in England and Wales has been described as a "war of words".
Argyll and Bute have been given the go-ahead to bid to become the UK's first spaceport.
George is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
John Rennie has been re-elected as the Liberal Democrat MP for North Fife.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at some of the biggest brands in the UK.
A Hawick Knickers knitwear company has reported a rise in sales in the first half of the year.
One of the world's oldest cave paintings has been opened to the public for the first time.
England Under-21s have been named in their squad for the 2018 Women's World Cup qualifiers.
A paramedic has been jailed for four years for sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl.
Tyson Fury retained his WBA world heavyweight title with a unanimous points victory over Alexander Chisora in London.
Hull KR director of rugby Steve Peacock says Albert Kelly's future with the Super League club is in doubt.
The Conservative Party says it is investigating allegations of bullying and bullying within the party.
Chinese internet giant Alibaba has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) of its shares.
The NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, the government has said.
Usain Bolt has qualified for the semi-finals of the men's 400m at the World Championships in London.
Brentford have signed Brentford defender Tom Williams on a season-long loan deal.
It's been a week since Madonna was nominated for a BBC Radio 1 song of the year.
Canada's postal service has warned it will lose more than half of its revenue in the next five years.
US President Barack Obama and Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta have agreed to work together to tackle corruption.
For more than a century, wolves have been roaming the French Alps.
Comedian Corden has announced he is to return to the UK for a new series of The Late Late Show.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the EU referendum.
Barclays has appointed Antony Jenkins as its new chief executive.
Six celebrities have been arrested in connection with a data breach at their Los Angeles home, a court has heard.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the deaths of two pedestrians by dangerous driving.
Jordan's education minister has warned that the country faces a "catastrophic crisis" if it does not work to deal with the influx of refugees.
India's richest man, Vijay Mallya, has been sold to Diageo for $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn).
A study of e-cigarettes is to be carried out at the University of Dundee.
A primary school in Weston-super-Mare has been forced to close.
A number of celebrities have joined forces with the BBC to raise awareness of mental health issues.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after a house fire in Londonderry.
A former head teacher has been found guilty of a string of sexual assaults against girls at his school.
A third whale has been found washed up on a Suffolk beach, a marine charity has said.
A man who beat his ex-girlfriend to death has been jailed for four years.
India's Virat Kohli became the first batsman to score a century in a World Cup match as they beat Pakistan by eight wickets.
David Demme is one of the best-known film-makers of all time.
The World Taekwondo Federation (BOA) has rejected the nomination of world champion Aaron Cook for the 2012 Olympic Games.
The Metropolitan Police's chief constable has apologised to the family of a man who died after a police investigation into his death.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing his wife to death in their home in County Tyrone.
A 12-year-old boy has been rescued after falling into a cave.
A new midwife-led maternity unit is to be set up in Caithness, the Scottish Health Board has said.
Leeds Rhinos reached the Super League play-offs for the first time with a hard-fought victory over Wakefield Trinity.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has said he will not be intimidated in the run-up to the presidential election.
Bangor has been hit by a powerful storm.
A man accused of murdering a 16-year-old girl has told a court he felt "like a stranger".
Castleford Tigers beat Wakefield Trinity to reach the semi-finals of the Super League.
Mark Rylance has been accused of being a hypocrite by the London Evening Standard.
At the age of nine, Paul O'Connell, a boy from Stoke-on-Trent, was playing football for the first time in his life.
Norwegian Prime Minister Anders Behring Breivik has said he is "very concerned" about the number of people killed in the Oslo bomb attack.
Four men have been found guilty of the murder of a woman whose body was found in mountains in the Republic of Ireland.
North Ferriby were held to a goalless draw by Bromley in their National League play-off semi-final.
Glamorgan have appointed former Glamorgan all-rounder Murray Goodwin as their new head coach.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled due to strong winds.
Indonesia's economy grew faster than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Teenagers have better memory than adults, according to a study in Neuron.
A man has been killed by a grizzly bear in the US state of Montana, officials say.
Tens of thousands of Tube stations across London are to be closed to all Night Tube passengers as part of a crackdown on sex offences.
A paedophile who downloaded indecent images of children has been jailed for five years.
Ireland have reached the quarter-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka for the first time.
Plans to build glamping lodges at Warwick Castle have been given the go-ahead.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman should do more to encourage Irish players to play for the Republic of Ireland, says midfielder Michael Keane.
Two men have gone on trial accused of murdering a woman they met online.
German airline Lufthansa has announced plans to charge more than 1.5m euros (£1.3m; £1.4m) for online travel.
Warrenpoint Town have said they will appeal against the Football Association's decision to suspend them for three matches.
Scientists say they have found a way to predict how long a bird will live.
Mexico has raised the minimum prison sentence for kidnappings to the highest level in the world.
An inquest into the death of a terminally-ill schoolgirl has heard she had to be removed from a hospital's operating theatre.
Two gay men have been sentenced to life in prison in Nigeria's northern state of Bauchi for homosexuality.
World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) chief Vitaly Mutko has said he will not return to athletics until the end of the year.
A Ugandan man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a former detainee at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre.
The governor of Indiana has said he will veto a controversial law that allows businesses to refuse to serve gay people.
Shaky Stevens has been named the best Welsh musician of all time.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has denied allegations of corruption in the bidding process for the 2022 World Cup.
An Albanian man has been found guilty of murder and attempted murder in the UK.
The Football Association of Wales (FAW) will not allow players to wear poppies on their armbands during Armistice Day, says vice-chairman Paul Ledley.
A collection of diving helmets has sold at auction for more than £1m.
A body has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries.
League Two side Preston North End have signed striker Jack Brownhill on a season-long loan deal.
Some of the UK's most vulnerable GP practices are facing closure, the BBC has learned.
Ricky Wallace is one of the best-known Welsh footballers of all time.
Victims of slavery in Wales are being urged to work together to tackle human trafficking.
London's underground tunnels have opened to the public for the first time.
Newcastle United boss Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club if he does not win the Premier League title.
Former England women's coach Mark Sampson has been cleared of "bullying and harassment" by the Football Association.
The number of self-inflicted deaths in prisons in England and Wales has reached a record high, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Celtic's new manager, Derek Strachan, has revealed his squad for Euro 2016.
Two men have been arrested after a large quantity of ammunition was found at a house in Wrexham.
Northampton Saints scrum-half Matt Foden says he is ready to play for England in the Six Nations.
Mark Duffy beat Ding Junhui to reach the second round of the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield.
Blackpool's free school breakfast scheme should be extended, a study has found.
The head teacher of a primary school in Devon has retired.
National League side Moors have signed former National League side Rushden & Redbridge on a season-long loan.
Human remains have been found in a forest in north Wales, police have said.
A few years ago, I was in a small seaside town in Orkney, in the north of Norway.
The Hong Kong government has unveiled plans to make it easier for Chinese passengers to cross the border into Hong Kong.
Australia has pledged to send more troops to Afghanistan to support the US-led coalition fighting the Taliban.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
The National Association of Head Teachers has said it is "disappointed" by the government's decision to cut the number of qualified teachers in England.
Royal Mail has said it is in talks with the Unite union over changes to its pension scheme.
Jersey have a "good chance" of reaching the top four of the British and Irish Lions, says scrum-half Matt Stevens.
A new type of unmanned aircraft has taken off from the US Navy's aircraft carrier.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest chipmaker, has announced plans to cut its workforce by more than half.
A man and a woman have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a London nightclub.
Four Chinese Uighur men have been sentenced to life in prison for their role in a deadly car attack in Xinjiang, state media report.
A former children's centre has reopened to the public for the first time in more than 20 years.
A three-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
Credit card companies have been accused of unfairly compensating customers for mis-sold payment protection (PPI).
Scientists in Bristol have developed a new way to generate electricity from urine.
Facebook has revealed that it has developed a new map of the world.
Wakefield beat Widnes Vikings to reach the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
The organisers of the Giro d'Italia cycling race in Belgium have removed a poster from their kit.
For more than a year, Kai has been living in a refugee camp in South Sudan.
A police car has been vandalised in Bangor, County Antrim.
Emma Stone has said she is proud to be a woman in the United Nations.
Network Rail needs to do more to improve its reliability, a watchdog has said.
Morocco reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 1-1 draw against Egypt.
Three Warwickshire police officers have been cleared of misconduct over a row with Conservative MP Andrew Mitchell.
A man who died after being hit by a car in central London has been named by police.
Members of a London barbers' club have been asked to wear a moustache for the first time.
Chinese nationals have been arrested in Zambia in a crackdown on illegal mining, officials say.
Four players from Kilcocoo have been suspended by the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) after being found guilty of racial abuse.
Defending champion Nick Kyrgios needs to improve his game, says former world number one John McEnroe.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has met Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto for the first time.
A type-2 diabetes drug has been found to extend the lives of mice, a study suggests.
A man has died after being assaulted in a car park.
Huddersfield Giants have re-signed former Leeds Rhinos and Hull KR prop Matt Bailey and left-back Sam Dodds.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a car crashed into a building in Edinburgh.
Gianluigi Giaccherini has joined Serie A side AC Milan for an undisclosed fee.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of a medieval castle in Durham.
The editor of the Liverpool Sun has apologised for comments he made about a black man and a white man.
Torquay United have agreed a deal to buy Torquay Town for an undisclosed sum.
The number of police detentions of vulnerable people in England and Wales is at its lowest level, according to a report.
Lions have released their full squad for the 2017-18 season.
Romelu Lukaku's injury-time equaliser gave Manchester United victory over Leicester at Old Trafford.
Plans to decriminalise non-payment of the BBC's licence fee have been backed by the government.
Theresa May has said the UK will not be in a "catastrophic position" when it leaves the European Union.
A member of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group has appeared in court charged with planning the Barcelona van attack.
A drug dealer who stabbed his partner to death with a crossbow has denied being a drug dealer.
A man who was jailed for life for murder has been released on bail.
World number one Rory McIlroy says he will not play again this year because of a knee injury.
Labour MP David Lammy has said he is considering running for the leadership of the party.
A former head of the NHS has been found guilty of defrauding her husband of more than £10,000.
Google has launched a new tool that allows it to track shoppers' online purchases.
Police have released CCTV images of a woman they want to trace after she was sexually assaulted in a car.
The number of people living in the UK reached a record high in 2014, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey's FA Cup semi-final against Dover will take place at the same venue as the FA Cup final.
A public inquiry into the Garden Bridge project in London has recommended it be cancelled.
A block of flats in Buckingham Palace has been closed after a water main burst.
It's been a year since the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme was launched in Northern Ireland.
The husband of a dentist who was found dead at his home has said he has been "devastated" by the death of his wife.
A former Dallas police officer has been charged with the murder of a 16-year-old boy.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has apologised for his recent comments about terrorism.
Olympic rowing champion Paul Pitcher has set a new world record for the longest solo voyage.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Portugal beat Sweden to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup.
Five men have been released on bail after being held in India for more than a year.
The Taliban took control of a district in Helmand province last year.
A Holocaust survivor has spoken of his memories of playing football during the Nazi occupation of Auschwitz.
It's that time of year again when Glastonbury gets under way.
A hotel has been evacuated after a fire broke out in one of its rooms.
Ivory Coast has been ordered to halt drilling in a disputed area of the Atlantic Ocean.
More than 1,000 lorry drivers have been caught using their mobile phones while travelling on a motorway.
A jury in the trial of former Cardiff City footballer Oscar Evans has been told to "stand firm" in its verdict.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand has been dominated by a lacklustre performance from Sam Hogg.
Beavers have been found in a remote part of the Scottish Highlands, a conservation group has said.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a fire broke out on the roof of a prison in Bridgend.
Former Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has left the club.
The former chief executive of a children's charity has been sacked, the BBC has learned.
Plans to install solar panels on all homes in Kirkcaldy have been approved by councillors.
Britain's Andy Murray says he does not believe there is enough talent in the world tennis scene.
Northamptonshire boss Paul Richards says the club's new manager Paul Wilder is "like a football coach".
Britain's Adam Rutherford has apologised to his parents after failing to clear his hair on the final day of the World Championships in London.
The families of victims of the Hillsborough disaster should be held accountable, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The RSPCA is appealing for information after a horse was found dead on a farm in Derbyshire.
More than 3,000 unaccompanied Syrian children will be allowed to enter the UK, the government has announced.
Former Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said he has decided to shave his beard.
Rock band Slumdog Millionaire have moved into the top 10 of the Official Chart for the first time.
Cuban President Raul Castro has called on the country's parliament to take steps to reform its bureaucracy.
The Women's Super League will be held in the West Midlands from the end of the 2017 season.
The number of students attending the University of Northern Ireland (FE) has fallen to its lowest level for three years, official figures show.
More than 1,000 migrants have been rescued from a boat that capsized off the Libyan coast, US President Barack Obama says.
A ceasefire has broken down in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Former England and Wales footballer Andy Woodward has become the first person to come forward to say he was sexually abused by football coaches.
Plans to transform Dundee's waterfront have been given the go-ahead.
Former All Blacks scrum-half Conor Clarke has signed a new three-year deal with the Irish Rugby Union.
Leeds Rhinos full-back Matt Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
World number one Bubba Watson has been named as the captain of the United States team for the Ryder Cup.
Lewis Hamilton says it would be "disrespectful" if his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg could be banned from racing at Silverstone.
The family of 10 soldiers killed in the Battle of the Somme have said they are "overwhelmed" by the discovery of their remains.
Defender Evgeny Yarmolenko scored twice as Slovenia beat Ukraine to reach the semi-finals of the European Championship.
Ospreys' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they lost to Exeter Chiefs.
Work has started on a new dual carriageway linking Edinburgh and Glasgow.
The Battle of the Somme has officially come to an end.
World number one Serena Williams has called for equal pay for men and women at Wimbledon.
Too many young people are suffering from mental health problems, according to a new report.
A Palestinian man has been shot dead in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, police say.
A man who stabbed a man to death in a Glasgow flat has been given a life sentence.
A California woman accused of murdering her boyfriend has raised more than $1m (Â£1m) in bail.
The number of nurseries offering Level 3 courses in England has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, a campaign group has said.
The US central bank's chief economist has said she expects a rise in interest rates this year.
(Close): The FTSE 100 has closed lower after it reported a drop in pre-tax profits.
When I first started dating, I had no idea what I was doing.
A 16-year-old girl from Swansea has won an award for her contribution to the sport.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Inverness.
Joe Root has been named England captain for the first time.
Concerns have been raised about a terror attack at a police training exercise in Manchester.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has been honoured by a theatre in Peckham.
Dundee maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Ross County.
The government has been accused of failing to do enough to help women who are in their 50s and 60s.
A Ceredigion university is to be transformed into a "world-class science and technology centre".
The Alloa Athletic Football Club has been forced to close its home ground in Londonderry due to flooding.
Nottingham Forest have appointed former Notts County boss Paul Fletcher as their new chief executive.
German authorities say they are ready to cope with the growing number of refugees arriving in Europe.
The Indian monsoon has been mapped for the first time by a team of scientists.
Kenya's medical staff have gone on strike for a second day in a row over pay.
The search for a US Navy aircraft that went missing off the coast of Australia has been called off.
A snake has been rescued from a park in South Lanarkshire.
The UK government has announced plans to cut the number of Type 26 warships built at the Clyde shipyards.
Gunmen have attacked a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing at least eight people, officials say.
The Duke of Edinburgh has taken part in a traditional goat march in Powys.
Indian nurses who were held hostage by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq have been freed.
Rangers striker Jamie Anderson believes he was punched in the face by Rangers defender Kieran Kiernan.
Northamptonshire's League Two survival hopes are under threat, according to manager Paul Sweet.
Raffaele De Vita's second-half equaliser gave Brechin City victory over Livingston.
Wales' Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would be willing to allow MPs to vote against air strikes in Syria.
A reconstructed skeleton of a Bronze Age man has been recreated for the first time.
The US food chain Chipotle Mexican Grill is facing a fresh outbreak of E. coli, the US food safety agency has said.
The mother of a 13-year-old girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted in Chicago has said she is trying to find her daughter.
Taiwan's first female president, Tsai Ing-wen, has been in office for more than a decade.
British number one Andy Murray says he will not be worried about his Wimbledon quarter-final against fellow Briton Andy Ward.
Plans to build a tidal lagoon in Swansea have been put on hold.
The RSPCA has recorded a record number of animal cruelty cases in Wales last year.
It's the start of the Formula 1 season.
A coach has been stopped on the M40 in Staffordshire following a suspected smoking incident.
Three London councils have spent more than £1m on legal action against Heathrow Airport, figures obtained by the BBC show.
Parts of the Baltic states have been hit by severe flooding, with temperatures reaching the freezing point in some areas.
Hundreds of coffins have been laid to rest at the Pantheon in Paris, marking the 100th anniversary of the liberation of the French Resistance.
A 90-year-old woman has been raped and robbed at her home in Kilmarnock.
World number one Dustin Hoffman shot a four-under-par 65 to win the Masters at Augusta National.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has been given the go-ahead to introduce a bill that would allow gay and bisexual men to have their convictions pardoned.
A teacher has been banned from teaching in Scotland for failing to register for exams, a disciplinary panel has ruled.
A classic car festival in Coventry has been axed.
Police in England and Wales are investigating allegations of historical child sexual abuse, a charity has said.
Michael Taylor beat Michael van Gerwen to reach the semi-finals of the PDC World Championship.
Being unable to use a changing place can be a nightmare for people with disabilities.
A Syrian journalist has been killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, a rights group has said.
More than half of young people in England fail to complete their A-levels, according to a report by the House of Lords.
China's government has launched a crackdown on online banking scams.
Football fans in the United States will soon be able to use video replays to review matches.
South Africa have been drawn in the group stage of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup in South Korea.
If you're worried about something, you might want to think about it.
The death of a Northern Ireland prison officer has been described as a "callous and cowardly attack".
Venezuela's border with Colombia has been closed for three days, the country's interior ministry has announced.
Poland has one of the world's largest radio and TV networks.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the French Open with a straight-set win over Romania's Angelique Kerber.
Plans for a new £1bn supermarket in Merthyr Tydfil have been given the go ahead.
Wales Under-20 international Liam James has signed a new two-year contract with the national side.
Britain's Michael Matthews became the first Briton to win the Tour de France with victory over Chris Froome.
Victims of child sexual abuse in England and Wales are being urged to contact the National Crime Agency (NCA).
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine say they have pulled out of their tanks and mortars.
The UK's biggest mail company has warned it is facing a "serious threat" from competition.
Daniel Radcliffe says he has no interest in playing Hamlet.
Three Russian women have been awarded the highest civilian honour in the Russian military for their role in the fight against Islamic State (IS).
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt says his side are ready to take on the All Blacks in a friendly in Chicago on Saturday.
Police in the Dominican Republic have opened a criminal investigation into the arrest of the country's police chief, Eduardo Rodríguez.
Messi scored a hat-trick as Barcelona beat Atletico Madrid to move to within three points of La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Former world number one Johanna Konta has been suspended for two matches after being accused of abusive language during a match at the French Open.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Fifa World XI for the first time.
National League side Mansfield Town have signed midfielder Danny O'Connor on a season-long loan deal.
At least eight people have been killed in two explosions in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
A 15-year-old girl has told a court she was "shocked" when she received a text message from former Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson.
Former IndyCar world champion Justin Wilson has died at the age of 37.
A three-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van.
Belfast boxer Conor Barnes beat Alexander Slavchev in a unanimous points decision to win the IBF featherweight title.
Theresa May has said she is "very optimistic" that US President-elect Donald Trump will sign a trade deal with the UK.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at how the UK economy is performing.
The Scottish education secretary has launched a new online tool to help schools improve their teaching skills.
Greece has rejected a request from the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to return the Marbles to Greece.
The government's plans to cut welfare spending in England and Wales have been criticised by a think tank.
Portugal reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship for the first time with victory over Albania.
All high-rise buildings in Scotland should have cladding similar to those used in the Grenfell Tower fire, a council has said.
Samir Ighalo scored a hat-trick as Watford extended their unbeaten start to the season to five games with victory at Newcastle.
Plans for a major regeneration of Pembrokeshire have been unveiled.
Vladimir Kalashnikov, one of Ukraine's most prominent opposition politicians, has been found dead in his Kiev apartment.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy's relationship with his ex-wife Carla Bruni has been described as one of the most bitter in French politics.
Wrexham have agreed a new deal to sign Wrexham striker Alex Harvey.
A portrait of the Duke of Walmer has been recreated to mark the centenary of his death.
Visiting a nature reserve can help people feel more relaxed and happier, a study suggests.
Airline Easyjet has developed drones that can be used to monitor aircraft.
The first trailer for the new James Bond film, Spectre, has been released.
Plans to close a Morrisons factory in East Durham have been put on hold.
A former Brideshead Revisited recording studio has been converted into a music studio.
Russia's anti-extremist authorities have opened an investigation into dozens of non-governmental organisations, including Amnesty International.
Children with narcolepsy are at increased risk of the disease, a study suggests.
The number of universities in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a new report.
A new dragon has been unveiled at Caerphilly Castle to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of the dragon.
A woman who defrauded clients out of more than £20,000 has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Parents in Australia are being urged not to vaccinate their children because of a growing number of cases of measles.
Venezuela's most famous police officer, Oscar Pérez, has been on the run for more than a year.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) has been elected as the majority party in the Scottish Parliament.
More than 1,000 trees have been sequenced to help identify the source of the deadly ash-tree disease.
The US presidential election has come to an end.
A street in San Francisco has been sold for $1.5m (Â£1.1m) to a private company.
Nathan Biamou scored twice as Gateshead came from behind to beat 10-man Gateshead at Gateshead.
Two men have been found dead on the top of the Matterhorn in Switzerland.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four matches after being sent off in a match against Juventus.
Smoking is one of the biggest health problems in the world, according to the World Health Organization.
Burglars Hospital in West London has become the first forensic mental health unit in the UK to offer patient feedback.
Derbyshire councillors have called for changes to the city's licensing system.
Plans for a new wave-surfing resort in Powys have been approved by the Welsh government.
A rain-delayed game between the Cleveland Indians and Chicago Cubs has been postponed because of rain.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo says he is "disappointed" with the team's handling of the Spanish Grand Prix.
A lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) group has called for Leicester City to be banned from the King Power Stadium.
An Orange bonfire has been set alight in east Belfast.
If Donald Trump is going to win the US presidential election, he will have to win some of the most important states in the country.
For more than 20 years, Johanna Purve-Jorendal has been searching for her mother.
McLaren's Nico Rosberg took pole position at the Hungarian Grand Prix, overtaking Ferrari's Ricciardo.
A convicted serial killer has been moved from a prison to a mental health unit.
Plans for a new secondary school in Powys have been approved by councillors.
Tom DeLonge has announced he is leaving Blink-182.
A woman has been rescued after she became trapped in a rubber rubber tyre.
Manchester United striker Rojo should have been sent off for a second time, says manager Jose Mourinho.
South Korea's first female president, Park Geun-hye, has apologised for her role in a corruption scandal.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year-old boy was seriously injured in a car crash.
A petition calling for the abolition of the death penalty in England and Wales has been launched.
A three-year-old boy has died at a farm in County Fermanagh.
A South African court has upheld the conviction of Oscar Pistorius for the murder of his girlfriend.
The owners of Dungiven Airfield in Wrexham have lost a legal challenge to a High Court ruling that it could be used to test aircraft.
Oxford United have made two changes to their squad for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Blackburn Rovers.
Walmart has bought online retailer JD.com for an undisclosed sum.
A Conservative MP has said he is "confident" the party will not launch a rebellion against the Welsh government.
UKIP has called for the creation of a dedicated military officer to oversee the country's defence spending.
The final episode of Game of Thrones has been broadcast on BBC One.
The government's plans to cut subsidies to the UK's renewable energy industry have been criticised by the industry.
A service has been held to remember Welsh soldiers who died at the Battle of the Somme.
Great Britain's Marcus Ellis and Marcus Langridge reached the semi-finals of the World Badminton Championships in China.
It's been a busy week for London Underground.
Coventry City have apologised to fans who took part in anti-social behaviour during Saturday's FA Cup semi-final.
China says it is ready to resume talks with North Korea over its nuclear programme.
The Glasgow School of Fine Art (GGTA) has been awarded a £1m grant to help complete the refurbishment of its Mackintosh building.
David Beckham has been photographed taking part in a rescue operation for people trapped on a rollercoaster.
A Northern Ireland High Court judge has ruled that a controversial plan to build a John Lewis department store in Sprucefield, County Antrim, is unconstitutional.
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot on a season-long loan from League Two side Plymouth Argyle.
Former Hartlepool United boss JNG Hignett says he is ready to take over as manager of the League Two club.
Veteran actor George Cole has died at the age of 83.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower after the Bank of England kept interest rates at record lows.
Firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
The government has promised to bring fast broadband to every home in the UK by 2020.
Colombia has launched an investigation into alleged links between its government and the Farc rebel group.
The head of the England women's team, Baroness Campbell, has been appointed as the country's new chief executive.
Manchester United striker Henrikh Mkhitaryan has been named in the squad for next season's Europa League.
A cash machine has been stolen from a bank in Glasgow city centre.
US President-elect Donald Trump has vowed to renegotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal as he begins his first day in office.
A funeral has taken place for a Scottish couple who died in the Tunisian beach attack.
A pair of Queen Victoria's underwear have gone on display for the first time.
Hearts midfielder Jack Rosson says he was "disappointed" by referee Jack Jack's red card in his side's Europa League quarter-final defeat by Kilmarnock.
Dean Saunders has said he will have to pay his parking charges after Wales reached the semi-finals of Euro 2016.
Mark Wilson has set a new world record for the highest number of snooker doubles titles.
Coffee creams, ice creams and ice cream have been put on the list of the most under-appreciated products in the UK.
The remains of a baby girl have been found in a woodland in West Yorkshire.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage 16 of the Vuelta a Espana to become the first man to win the Tour de France.
Plans for a new high-speed rail line in Sheffield have been approved by the government.
Barnsley extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to eight points with victory over Chesterfield.
French energy firm EDF has confirmed it has reached a deal to build a new nuclear power station in Somerset.
A carcass of a sperm whale has been found on a Norfolk beach.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the Celtic v Rangers match.
A British-Iranian woman has said she has been told she cannot travel to the US because of new visa rules.
Schools in Wales are failing to do enough to improve their pupils' achievement, a report has found.
A man has been jailed for four years for biting a man's ear.
An Australian doctor has accused the government of trying to "gag" health workers over their treatment of asylum seekers.
Author Neil Gaiman has won the National Book Award for his novel The Ocean's End.
This year's Great British Bake Off is taking place in London.
The chief executive of a cancer hospital in London has been suspended amid an investigation into its governance.
A type of mollusk, known as Calvilvilla, has been discovered in Morocco.
The Belfast Telegraph has announced that it is to move to a new building in the city centre.
The families of three SAS reservists who died during training in Powys have called for the Ministry of Defence to be stripped of immunity.
A man has been arrested in connection with a police chase in which a car was stolen from a farm.
Former Plaid Cymru leader Lord Elis-Thomas has criticised the party's decision to quit the assembly.
It's been a year since Donald Trump was elected president.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has called for an end to the use of hate speech in the US and other countries.
Junior doctors in England are going on strike for 24 hours in a dispute over emergency care.
Glasgow Warriors have confirmed they are in talks with French side Paris St-Germain over the future of Wales' international scrum-half Alex Charteris.
A Glamorgan university has been awarded a £10,000 grant to preserve the collection of Edward Thomas.
Worcestershire all-rounder Matt Machan hit a century to help his side beat Sussex by eight wickets.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xherdan Shaqiri believes Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola could make a revolution in the game.
The number of patients waiting more than 18 weeks to be discharged from hospital has reached a record high, new figures show.
Indian Railways' chief constable has told the BBC that Maoist rebels are not responsible for a train derailment in western India.
Harrogate is to become the first city in the world to offer knitwear to cyclists.
A man has been arrested in connection with a robbery in Londonderry.
Tunisian beachgoers are still trying to find their way back to the hotel where they were shot dead in the Tunisian capital, Tunis.
A man suspected of setting fire to a Florida mosque in the wake of the Orlando nightclub attack has been arrested.
The Scottish Mountaineering Association has said it is concerned about littering on its two-and-a-half-tops.
Wakefield suffered their first defeat of the season as Catalans Dragons came from behind to beat Wakefield.
Gloucester full-back Mark Atkinson has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has been diagnosed with a stroke.
Celtic maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
Stranraer climbed to the top of the Scottish League Two table with victory over Montrose.
Blackburn Rovers have signed former Wigan Athletic defender Alex Jones on a season-long loan deal.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has recovered more than £1m from a fraud investigation.
Blackburn Rovers have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Jack Williams on loan until the end of the season.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has vowed to build a border wall with Mexico if he wins Wisconsin.
A Welsh Liberal Democrat AM has been removed from the party's list of AMs for the general election.
Celtic manager Derek McInnes has been nominated for the Scottish Premiership manager of the year award.
A man who claims he had sex with his ex-boyfriend has been granted a temporary injunction preventing him from being published in the Sun newspaper.
South African President Jacob Zuma's decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has been met with anger from unions and business leaders.
Hull City have said they will not be selling the club until the end of the season.
The body of Cecil Cecil has been found in a Zimbabwe National Park, a conservation group has said.
Nicky Ajose scored twice as Charlton came from behind to beat Gillingham.
The government has announced plans to cut the amount of child benefit in England and Wales.
The chief executive of Devon and Cornwall Police has announced he will stand down at the end of the year.
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as their new assistant manager.
Travellers have been banned from playing football matches at a football stadium due to overcrowding.
The Eiffel Tower in Paris has reopened to the public for the first time since the Paris attacks.
London Welsh have been ruled out of the 2017 British and Irish Lions Cup by the Rugby Football Union.
Glamorgan's Malan Malan hit a century to help Middlesex beat Middlesex by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
The chief executive of a mental health hospital has apologised for mistakes made in a report.
Police have released CCTV images of a woman they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a man in Londonderry.
The number of dog attacks in North Wales has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
The head of the Football Association, Heather Rabbatts, has said she is "devastated" by the lack of progress made by the governing body.
England's Jos Buttler became the first batsman to score a first-class century in the ODI series against Pakistan.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a couple were killed in a crash.
One of Scotland's most successful DIY shops has been bought by Michelin for an undisclosed sum.
A report into the future of national parks in Wales has been rejected by the Welsh government.
Surrey all-rounder Ben Tremlett has announced his retirement from international cricket.
The CES tech show has opened in Las Vegas.
A fishing boat which capsized off the coast of Aberdeenshire has been rescued.
Poland's main opposition party, Civic Platform, has won a majority in the country's parliament.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused the Democratic Party of rigging the general election.
An optometrist has been found guilty of causing the death of a six-year-old boy by failing to check his eyes.
Birmingham City maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Burton Albion.
Bristol Roosters scrum-half Scott Garbutt has apologised after being banned from rugby league for six months.
A memorial service has been held for a missing yachtsman whose yacht sank off the coast of Hampshire.
A social housing fund set up by Falkirk Council has been given £1m by the Scottish government.
Nottinghamshire's batsman Chris Dickson hit his first first-class century of the season on day three against Derbyshire at Headingley.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the key stories from African mining history.
Plans for a new railway line between Wokingham and Battersea have been approved.
The head of the Welsh government's cross-border rail franchise has said she is "very concerned" about the future of the franchise.
Tim Peake and his friends have created a virtual reality version of the International Space Station.
Gunmen in Burkina Faso have attacked a French hotel in the capital, Ouagadougou.
A lorry driver has died after crashing into a lorry on a dual carriageway.
A Bangladeshi man who was held for more than 20 years for trying to cross the border into Pakistan has been reunited with his family.
Security firm mSpy has said it has been hacked to gain access to millions of people's personal data.
It's been a year since a farmer started using Twitter.
The UK's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) should investigate allegations of corruption at football's world governing body, a senior MP has said.
McLaren have confirmed that they are in talks to take over the world's most successful Formula 1 team.
Spanish newspaper El Pais says it has obtained copies of documents allegedly belonging to a former deputy prime minister.
The number of migrants trying to cross the Channel from Turkey to the UK has risen to eight.
Liam Yafai won the IBF world featherweight title for the first time with a unanimous points victory in Birmingham.
The opening times of a Hampshire car park will be reduced by more than a third, campaigners have said.
A former member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has been cleared by the Northern Ireland High Court of defamation.
Pakistan's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), has denied it was involved in a raid on Osama Bin Laden's compound.
A student who posted a video on YouTube claiming he had been threatened with a gun has filed a lawsuit against the university.
London's Elephant and Castle junction has been closed to traffic for the first time as part of a major redesign.
Eoin Morgan and Eoin Morgan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets on day one of the One-Day Cup.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index has closed lower for the second day in a row, as investors remain cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve meeting.
Iran's parliament has voted overwhelmingly in favour of the Iran nuclear deal.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has signed Portuguese defender Bruno Alves for an undisclosed fee.
Mae'r Gadair eleni wedi cael eu llifio o goed yn gyfrifol am gartref Hedd Wyn yn Nhrawsfynydd.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash at the East Midlands Grand Prix.
Hundreds of pharmacists in India's capital, Delhi, have gone on strike to protest against the illegal sale of drugs.
Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin has been endorsed by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The owner of a seaside garden has said he is "devastated" after a waterlogged garden was flooded.
When Nick Clegg became leader of the British National Party (BNP), it seemed like a dream come true.
Pupils at two primary schools in Northern Ireland are being taught how to cope with changes in their lives.
Two men have been arrested in connection with a burglary in Wrexham.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he has no plans to sell defender Joe Allen.
A man has been arrested in connection with the sale of Northern Ireland's troubled Nama property portfolio to a private equity firm.
Championship side Aston Villa have signed Aston Villa midfielder Sam Suliman on a season-long loan deal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Scotland looks at some of the key issues facing the Scottish Parliament.
Iran says it has reached a deal with six world powers to cut its nuclear programme.
Great Britain missed out on qualifying for the EuroBasket semi-finals as they were beaten by Netherlands in Amsterdam.
The Royal Bank of Scotland has launched a new £10 note.
US President Barack Obama has condemned the deaths of four Dallas police officers who were shot dead last week.
A giant python has died on a flight from Australia to New Zealand.
The German publisher of the daily newspaper, the Wall Street Journal, has bought Dutch publisher Axel Springer for an undisclosed sum.
More than 1,000 people in Warrington are being offered free access to leisure centres as part of a scheme to encourage people to take up sport.
The Kepler space telescope has discovered hundreds of new planets in the Solar System.
Six puppies have been rescued from a shipping container in the Republic of Ireland.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has called on the government to cut net migration from the EU to the UK.
Plans to demolish a Grade II listed building in Durham have been given the go-ahead.
A Cotswold landmark has been named the UK's best place to see the night sky.
A body has been found in a river in Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop won the Ulster Grand Prix for the second year in a row with victory in the Supersport race.
Dum dunes in Denbighshire could be damaged by flooding, according to a new report.
A union representing ScotRail workers has said it is "disappointed and disappointed" by the announcement of industrial action by the Scottish government.
Hungary's deputy prime minister, Szydlo Szijjarto, has said the country will not take legal action against the European Union.
In the middle of a street in Belfast, a statue of Jesus the Homeless hangs over the pavement.
Online retailer Topps has said it has been affected by a cyber-attack on its accounts.
Virat Kohli became the first batsman to score a half-century in the first Test against South Africa in Johannesburg.
Motorists should be banned from using their mobile phones while driving, a campaign group has said.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a donkey was attacked at a Gwynedd farm.
Plans for a new cemetery in Oxford have been put on hold because of a lack of suitable land.
Chris Brown is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot during a concert in California.
Nigeria's government says it has reached a deal with the US over the sale of military aircraft to Nigeria.
An amendment to the UK's sex-selective abortion law has been defeated by MPs.
Plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Surrey have been given the go-ahead.
The impact of climate change on the world's food system is "unprecedented", according to a report.
A man has been jailed for fraudulently defrauded out of more than £1m.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he will meet former Chelsea boss Terry Terry to discuss his future.
Northern Ireland should remain in the European Union, according to a cross-party MP.
Afghanistan's former police chief Abdul Hamid Zahir has been appointed as the new chief of police.
The number of people in the UK who have reached the age of 100 is expected to rise by more than 50% by 2050, according to a new report.
The survival of butterflies in the UK could be affected by climate change, a study suggests.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry in Dumfries and Galloway.
A Cardiff-based outsourcing firm has announced it is creating more than 100 new jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and columnist Adaobi looks at some of the most significant events in African politics this year.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in Essex.
A father who carried out a raid on his father's home has been jailed for life.
West Midlands is the most deprived area in the UK, according to a new report.
Judy Ball is to be announced as the winner of this year's Olivier Awards.
A garden inspired by the work of Welsh gardener Capability Brown is to open to the public for the first time.
A husband and wife who were killed in a plane crash in New Zealand have been celebrating their 90th birthday.
The number of small and medium-sized businesses facing insolvency has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to consultancy KPMG.
Cavan and Monaghan will meet in the All-Ireland semi-final at Croke Park on Saturday.
A former police officer has been jailed for five years for trying to con a drug dealer out of £1,000.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a man in a microwave oven.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Views on Islam, we look at some of the key issues facing the Muslim world.
A man who went missing in India more than a year ago has been found.
A call centre in Oxfordshire has been rated a "high risk" by a health watchdog.
Nottingham Forest striker Danny Green says he was left "disappointed" by manager Steve Green's decision to leave the Championship club.
British taekwondo has been criticised for failing to properly investigate claims of abuse by athletes.
Glamorgan's Chris Lloyd hit his first T20 Blast century of the season as Glamorgan took control on day two.
Aberdeen-based Scottish Savings Bank has appointed a new chief executive.
A man who defrauded his victims of more than £1m has been given a suspended jail term.
The head of the Jamaican Anti-Doping Agency (Jada) has said the country's drug testing programme is "inadequate".
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new head coach of Serie A club AC Milan.
Shrewsbury kept their League One play-off hopes alive with victory over Blackpool.
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union, the BBC looks at some of the key issues facing the country.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the burial of his father, Ferdinand Marcos, at a military cemetery in the capital, Manila.
Five men have been arrested in connection with a series of alleged slavery offences.
The migrant crisis in Greece has left more than 1,000 people displaced, according to the UN refugee agency.
A 92-year-old woman has been reunited with her bike after it was stolen from a supermarket.
The family of two men who died in a helicopter crash in Fife have said they are "very satisfied" with the investigation.
Inter Milan striker Mario Balotelli says he will leave the club if he is found guilty of racially abusing fans.
Two teenage girls who were injured in a crash on a rollercoaster have been announced as part of a charity event.
Hugh Jackman's Citizen Kane has been voted the UK's best-selling film of all time.
A prisoner who escaped from a prison in New York has been shot in the leg.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked in Blackpool.
Coffee giant Coca-Cola has warned of a "challenging" second half of the year.
A small group of fishermen in Cambodia have been using their nets to make fresh shrimp for the first time.
Manchester United have signed Raheem Morrison from West Ham United for an undisclosed fee.
In the wake of the San Bernardino shooting in California, Republican presidential hopefuls have said they are prepared to take action against radical Islamic terrorism.
A student dressed in a Ku Klux Klan costume has been expelled from Oxford University.
A man has appeared in court charged with dealing in cannabis.
Wales' hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup have been boosted by the success of their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
The number of teachers in Scotland is at an all-time high.
George Clooney has been greeted by a terminally ill woman at a care home.
Work is under way to remove a huge sinkhole that has closed part of a Hertfordshire village.
Leicester City have signed former Leicester City midfielder Steve Walsh on a two-year deal.
Republic of Ireland defender Jon Walters has been ruled out of the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium.
Saracens scrum-half Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A postal worker has apologised after his postcard went into the toilet.
Substitute Roarie Deacon scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Sutton United beat Cheltenham to reach the League Two play-offs.
A man has been photographing caravanning for more than a decade.
A former member of the Royal Navy's IHAT unit has said he is "devastated" by the decision to close the unit.
Former Delta state governor Victor Ibori has been found guilty of money-laundering in London.
A man has been offered a job as a bouncer at the Blue Blue Hotel in Dundee.
Scotland head coach Mark Visser says he is confident his side can beat South Africa to reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
A mother who refused to breastfeed her two-year-old daughter has become the first woman in the UK to do so.
Fleetwood reached the League Two play-off quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Southport.
The mother of a foetal abnormality has won a legal battle to have her abortion legalised in Northern Ireland.
A blue plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the opening of the Caverns in London.
More than 1,000 doctors have signed a letter calling for a radical shake-up of the NHS in England.
Tens of thousands of tonnes of food have been delivered to schools in the northern Mexican state of Oaxaca, officials say.
A powerful earthquake has struck the western Pacific island of Vanuatu.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he is "deeply sorry" for using taxpayers' money to travel abroad.
A reward of up to £10,000 has been offered for information leading to the discovery of the body of murdered teenager Caroline McKeown.
Antonio Pelle scored twice as Italy beat Belgium to reach the quarter-finals of the European Championship.
Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic in Dubai.
Paralympic gold medallist Jamie Swift has announced his retirement from the sport.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a house in Suffolk.
The funeral of a former Conservative MP who died after being mistaken for a former MP has been moved, a charity has said.
Plans for a new £1bn authority have been approved by councillors.
Britain's Laura Lapthorne reached the semi-finals of the men's doubles at the Australian Open for the first time.
Footage has been released of the first snowfall of the winter so far in the UK.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train.
The chairman of Heathrow Airport has accused the government of "misleading" a report into the expansion of the airport.
Welsh boxing fans should be able to watch Anthony Joshua fight at Cardiff's Principality Stadium, says the Welsh FA president.
Kilmarnock boss Jim Clark says his side's recent poor start to the season is a "wake-up call" for the club.
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed former Charlton Athletic defender David Weston on a two-year deal.
The former BHS department store in London has launched a new online business.
In the early 1990s, a Bangladeshi woman named Ada Rani was struggling to make ends meet.
The US secretary of state has said he hopes to complete the closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention centre by the end of the year.
Bus drivers in the Republic of Ireland have voted in favour of a pay rise for Luas drivers.
A former Conservative MP has been awarded more than £10,000 in damages after being accused of selling oil to the Islamic State group.
Thousands of people have signed a petition calling for the European Union to withdraw from a controversial trade deal with Canada.
Bolton Wanderers have agreed a deal to sell the club to a private equity firm.
Scotland reached the quarter-finals of the Six Nations with a convincing victory over Ireland.
Scientists in China say they have found a way to reverse a gene that causes tumours in mice.
Lydlow harbour is to be taken over by a private company.
The winner of this year's Nobel Peace Prize has been announced in Oslo, Norway.
Belfast Lightning beat Cardiff Capitals 4-1 to move to within one point of the Elite League leaders.
Great Britain's Laura Belcher and Jessica Belcher won gold in the women's canoeing final at the European Championships in Milan.
Twelve people have been taken to hospital after a rollercoaster crashed at Alton Towers in Coventry.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences in Sydney, Australia.
A detention centre in Australia's remote holiday island of Christmas Island has been evacuated, police say.
The UK's meat inspectors will no longer be able to inspect pig carcasses after new rules came into force.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed former England Under-21 international Adam Vasililva on a season-long loan.
Two people have been found guilty of neglecting a 15-year-old boy who collapsed during a swimming lesson.
A huge pile of masonry has collapsed in the centre of the Italian city of Naples.
National League side Gateshead have signed former Gateshead defender Matt Sweeney on a two-year deal.
Astronaut Tim Peake has appeared in space for the first time.
A Polish man has been jailed for life for beating his four-month-old son to death with a kitchen knife.
The winner of a prestigious international education prize has been announced in Dubai.
The chief executive of the CBI has called for greater devolution to north Wales.
League Two side Rochdale have signed striker Gary Williams on a two-year deal.
Adele has been nominated for best album at the Grammys for the second year in a row.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers praised his players after their 4-0 win over QPR in the Premier League.
The UK government has backed plans to set up a divisional patent court in Scotland.
An Oscar-winning dress worn by actress Lupita Nyong'o has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles.
Pop band Radiohead have released a new song for the forthcoming James Bond film.
Jamie Jackson scored twice as Great Britain reached the semi-finals of the European Championship with a 2-1 victory over Netherlands.
The amount of overtime paid to police officers in England and Wales has more than doubled in the last five years, figures show.
Archaeological evidence has been discovered in the walls of Edinburgh Castle.
A Canadian ice cream company has bought a primary school in the US state of Oregon.
A shipping firm has been banned from operating at a landfill site in Greater Manchester.
If you've ever wondered what it's like to be a gadget maker, you might be forgiven for wondering.
Fifa president Michel Platini has been named as the next president of the world governing body.
Gillingham extended their lead at the top of League One to five points with a comfortable victory over League Two strugglers Shrewsbury Town.
Plans for a new tennis and tennis centre in Stirlingshire have been criticised by former tennis star Andy Murray.
The RSPCA has urged people not to buy raccoons because they are "too cute".
It's not every day you get a chance to meet the leader of the Conservative Party.
A Russian military aircraft has been shot down by a US fighter in the eastern Ukraine, officials say.
Snapchat has said it has seen a record number of videos posted on its social network.
Twitter has apologised after a number of users had their messages sent to their mobile phones.
A school in the Australian city of Sydney has banned students from shouting "hugs" during school events.
One of Wales' most prominent MEPs has been named "Elwyn Davies", a study has found.
Former England batsman Bruno Trescothick was diagnosed with depression at the age of 16, the BBC has learned.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Williams says winning gold at the Rio Olympics was a huge boost to her career.
Wladimir Klitschko's WBA world heavyweight title fight with Mexican Saul 'Canelo' Ortiz will be postponed until the end of the year.
Nigeria's governing body, the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF), has been barred from entering its headquarters in Abuja.
One of Northern Ireland's rarest birds, the curlew, has been put on the list of endangered birds.
Crystal Palace midfielder Jordan Johnson has been called up to the England squad for their Euro 2016 qualifier against Slovenia.
French author Michel Houelleq has won the prestigious Prix d'Or award for his novel The Map of the Map.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in central London.
England's Jason Day shot a four-under-par 65 to move into the lead at the halfway stage of the German Open.
The former Battersea Power Station in central London has been put up for sale.
An Afghan soldier has been shot dead by the US-led coalition fighting the Taliban, the Afghan military says.
Scotland head coach Gregor Townsend has confirmed his squad for Saturday's Pro12 semi-final against Fiji.
League Two side Port Vale have signed former Torquay United midfielder Alex Smurthwaite, according to the club's director of football.
At least 43 people have been killed in a plane crash in Colombia, officials say.
China's manufacturing sector has contracted for the second month in a row, according to a closely watched survey.
Juventus maintained their unbeaten start to the Serie A season with a comfortable victory over 10-man Roma.
The Russian ambassador to the UK has been awarded the Medal of Ushakov for his role in the Battle of the Arctic.
Three men have been charged with attempted murder after a pipe bomb was found in a house in Lurgan.
The Chainsmokers have reached the top of the UK album chart for the first time.
Human remains have been found on a dual carriageway in West Mercia.
The number of cases of cholera in Haiti has reached a record high, the country's health ministry says.
The idea that all primary schools in England should be able to offer free lunches for all their children has long been a controversial one.
The UK's economy shrank by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said.
The Queen's comments about Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit to London have been condemned by Chinese officials.
Wrexham have appointed Dean Keates as their new manager.
A man has been jailed for four years after he was caught with a large quantity of herbal cannabis.
What do you do to reduce air pollution?
Jazz fans in Indonesia have been reacting to a young Indonesian musician's performance at this year's Grammy Awards.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
A Sinn Féin MP has called for the German government to pay compensation to victims of an anti-doping drug, Thalidomide.
Astronomers say they have discovered a new type of "space duck" on the comet 67P.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he will not stand for re-election.
A South African woman accused of trying to cover up the murder of Oscar Pistorius has appeared in court.
Former world number one Andy Murray says he will retire from tennis at the end of the year.
Barcelona striker Neymar has been ordered to pay more than £1m (£1.5m) in damages after a court in Spain ruled he had been illegally sold.
Fidel Castro, the son of Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, has died at the age of 90.
A 13-year-old boy has been raped in Blackburn.
American neuroscientist Daniel Silberman has been shortlisted for this year's Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine.
England women's hockey captain Laura Danson has been named in the squad for Euro 2016.
A man has been arrested in connection with a series of arson attacks in Wiltshire.
A former leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has said he did not know he was a member of the paramilitary group during the Troubles.
The border between Ireland and the Republic of Ireland has reopened.
A man has been jailed for life for causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in County Tyrone.
Two men have been found guilty of the manslaughter of Alan Kurdi, whose body was found on a boat on the Greek island of Kos.
South African scrum-half Michael van Rooyen says he would love to play in the Pro12 for the first time.
Israel has admitted killing more than 1,000 Palestinians during the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, a UN report says.
In the wake of Germany's Euro 2016 defeat by Ukraine, there has been a palpable sense of unease among Scotland's players.
Welshman Chris Cleverly says his WBA super-middleweight title defence against Wladimir Braehler will be a "massive" win for him.
Three paintings by Sir Winston Churchill have been donated to the National Archives.
Manchester has been gripped by the terror attack that left 22 people dead and more than 100 injured.
A 75-year-old woman has been robbed of her hand by a man wielding a crowbar.
When Tinie Tempah arrives at his new home in Peckham, he is greeted with a mixture of excitement and anger.
Cascutum, one of the world's biggest fashion brands, has been bought by a Chinese firm.
A Dundee bank has apologised to customers who were unable to use a cash machine due to a fault.
A Vienna University building has been closed to the public after asbestos was found in the building.
Jersey's bid to join the European Football Federation (Uefa) has been rejected.
More doctor training places are to be created in England as part of a government plan to cut the number of medics in the NHS.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick as Saracens beat Bath to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Swansea City have re-signed Southampton striker Sam Kashket and Southampton defender Jordan Hugill on two-year deals.
In our series of letters from football journalists, BBC Sport looks at some of the most successful managers in the game's history.
A woman has spoken of the "catfishing" she experienced after being rejected by a man she met online.
Japan has become the first country in the world to allow married couples to change their surnames.
Ospreys head coach Rob Owens says his side's recent run of four straight wins could be over.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Matt Read hopes his side can reach the semi-finals of the T20 Blast Finals.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Blue has said he had to break up with his girlfriend after a night out.
President-elect Mitt Romney is in the final stages of his campaign for the Republican nomination for the White House.
The number of hectares of poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has reached a record high, according to a report.
A father has been ordered to pay more than £1,000 after the High Court ruled he could not take his children on holidays.
The widow of former Prime Minister Ted Heath has said she does not believe a police investigation into allegations of child sex abuse is under way.
The ban on gay men being allowed to donate blood for HIV/Aids has been lifted.
Saracens have signed scrum-half Calum Clark on a two-year deal.
Greece's government says it will hold a referendum on whether to accept the terms of the country's bailout.
When England beat England in the World Twenty20 final at Twickenham, it was one of the biggest sporting events in the country's history.
Warwickshire and Lancashire have been relegated to Division Two of the One-Day Cup after a rain-interrupted second day.
Wales head coach Dave Davies has called for the Six Nations to be extended to eight weeks.
A body has been found on a beach in Devon.
Plans for a Victorian cemetery in Wrexham have been approved.
Plans to cut the number of doctors in England have been backed by a think tank.
Syrian government forces have begun the evacuation of rebel-held parts of the city of Aleppo, a human rights group has said.
At least 20 people have been killed in a rocket attack on a military base in the eastern Libyan city of Tripoli, officials say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at how much student debt is in the UK.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has stepped down as shadow education secretary.
England will face Scotland in a friendly at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the relationship between the US and Russia is at a "critical point".
Cheshire is set to become the first county in the UK to have the power of the Northern Powerhouse.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death at a hotel in north Belfast.
Uganda's army says it has been unable to pay more than half of its military payments due to the Somali government.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in Sydney on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
A 3D printer has been developed for the first time in the US space agency's history.
Dogs have been found to be able to control the spread of a bug that causes seagulls to drown on beaches.
A red kite has been shot dead in Bedfordshire, the RSPB has said.
It's been a year since Jeremy Corbyn was elected leader of the Labour Party.
Police in Cardiff will be able to search people during the Champions League final, the city's police chief has said.
A conservationist from Cambodia has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his efforts to protect the country's forests.
Christian Eriksen's second-half equaliser gave Tottenham victory over Manchester City in the Premier League.
More than one in five girls in Africa is unmarried, a report by the charity Save the Children says.
Sunderland striker Beth Mead has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
British author William Boyd has announced he is to write a new James Bond novel.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for three years for having sex with a teenage girl.
The world's largest pumpkin has been grown in Switzerland.
McLaren boss Jean-Claude Boullier says he does not believe his team can win the Formula 1 title this season.
David Cameron has defended his plans to extend free childcare to all three-year-olds in England.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has called on Theresa May to do more to tackle extremism.
Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Watson will miss the rest of the season with a broken leg.
As the Labour leadership contest draws to a close in London, it is easy to see why so many people have turned out to vote for Jeremy Corbyn.
Northampton Saints scrum-half Conor Murray has been cleared of concussion by the Rugby Football Union (RFU).
A Holyrood MSP has called for a review of how return officers are paid for their work.
Police are searching for a man whose body was found in a block of flats in Inverness.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire, Laura Sen explains why she is so keen to get her money back.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is not worried about the club's summer transfer window.
A Northern Ireland minister has lost his executive power over a controversial plan to build a department store in Belfast, the High Court has heard.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in their first One-Day Cup match of the season.
Plans for a major flood protection scheme in Dumfries and Galloway have been approved by councillors.
A campaign to reduce the spread of bovine tuberculosis has been launched by the government.
A woman has completed the London Marathon for the first time.
A hospital in Northamptonshire is to be saved from closure, the government has said.
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has stepped down.
More than half of men in South Yorkshire say they have experienced domestic violence, a charity has said.
Everton made it two wins out of two in their World Cup qualifying campaign with a 2-1 victory over Spain.
Jockey Scott Buick has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a fractured vertebrae.
Voters in Scotland have voted in the general election.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri should stay on as manager until the end of the season, says the club's players.
The SDLP has called on the Health and Social Care Board to investigate the number of unaccompanied children who have gone missing in Northern Ireland.
Belgium has declared a state of emergency in the wake of last week's deadly attacks in Paris.
Traffic on the M4 has been closed for more than two hours after a light aircraft crashed on the motorway.
The return of Breaking Bad will be shown on the UK's biggest TV network, the BBC has announced.
The Bank of England's governor, Ian Haldaldane, has warned that a rise in interest rates could lead to a "catastrophic" rise in inflation.
Leicester Speedway has signed a new lease of life.
The US poverty rate has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center.
Work is under way to restore one of the world's oldest copper mines.
More than 1,000 girls were sexually abused in Rotherham last year, a charity has said.
Sam Allardyce says he is determined to win his first game as England manager.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl at Birmingham railway station.
The UK's defence secretary has said he has no problem with the idea of a European military headquarters in Bratislava.
The bodies of five people who died in a helicopter crash in Caerphilly county have been found.
Mullah Mansour, the leader of the Afghan Taliban, has been killed in a drone strike in Helmand province.
A new bike-sharing scheme in Oxfordshire has been given the go ahead.
Colombia and the Farc rebel group say they have agreed to set up a UN peacekeeping mission.
A court in California has ruled that a sample of a song by Madonna could not be copyrighted.
Plans for a new dual carriageway in Swansea have been given the go-ahead.
George VI's piano has been returned to Brighton's Royal Victoria Pavilion for the first time.
India's economy shrank by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Blackberry has announced a new smartphone that it says will be the world's cheapest.
A statue of Oscar-winning actor Sir Attenborough has gone up for sale at auction.
The trial of a man accused of murdering Ravi Chhokar has been adjourned until the end of the year.
Ed Miliband has called for the introduction of zero-hours contracts in England and Wales.
Motherwell owner Paul Hutchison has been in charge of the club for more than a decade.
Police are appealing for information about the disappearance of a 13-year-old girl from Blackpool.
Regulated rail fares in England and Wales have risen by more than 10% in the past year, according to a trade body.
Veterans with amputated limbs are to be treated at a specialist hospital in Surrey, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University has commissioned a series of new portraits of people with disabilities to mark its 100th anniversary.
Derbyshire's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the T20 Blast are over after reaching the quarter-finals.
Great Britain's women's football team should have been allowed to compete at the 2016 Olympics, says former England striker Paul Sampson.
Spotlight has won best film at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Wales' best-selling novel, Pink Mist, has won the Welsh Book of the Year award.
Leicestershire batsman Alex Duckett and James Bell-Dumpling have "the potential" to play international cricket, says head coach Steve Flower.
Over the past few years, I have amassed a huge collection of matchboxes.
Thousands of people around the world are taking part in a new type of treatment called cupping.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone has said there is no reason for the Bahrain Grand Prix to be cancelled.
Oscar-winning actress Michelle Dockery is to star in a new production of Les Liaisons at London's Royal Shakespeare Company.
Mohamed Elneny has been named in Egypt's squad for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
The Wickenham Festival has been named as the world's biggest music festival.
A house was destroyed in a "horrific" explosion, an inquest has heard.
A baker has made a special birthday cake for JK Rowling.
Venezuela's capital, Acapulco, has been hit by looting and shortages of food, officials say.
A charity that helps homeless people in London has been accused of stealing more than £1m from private landlords.
Scotland head coach Gordon Laidlaw says his side must be more clinical if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday.
Same-sex couples in Australia are bracing themselves for the biggest economic shock of their lives.
South Korea's parliament has broken a record for the longest filibuster in the country's history.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The Royal Mint has launched a special commemorative coin to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Japan and South Korea have held talks for the first time in more than a decade.
England defender Michael Carrick has been ruled out of the rest of the World Cup with a broken leg.
A coroner's inquest into the murder of Alice Gross has been called off.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the world's most powerful Islamist groups.
A Scottish MP has been reunited with a toy she lost at Westminster for the first time.
A court in the US state of Ohio has ordered police to hand over a fingerprint sensor used to unlock a phone.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side have a "massive opportunity" to reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
Aberdeen have signed midfielder Graeme Shinnie for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Anthony McDonnell will defend his IBF world welterweight title in the UK on Saturday.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, there has been a lot of speculation about whether or not the Bank of England will extend its term.
A new system of end-of-life care for terminally ill patients in Liverpool should be scrapped, a review has recommended.
Three men have been accused of murdering a man they met online.
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty of stealing credit card numbers from restaurants in the US.
A cat has been stabbed to death in a "brutal" knife attack, the RSPCA has said.
A rare pelican, nicknamed Lanky, has died at a zoo in New Zealand.
The number of A-level university places in England has risen sharply, according to official results.
All children at a Neath nursery have been vaccinated against the measles virus.
Bulgarian President Aleksandar Ivanov has vowed to end the country's long-running corruption scandal.
Celebrations have been held to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo.
Russia was behind the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, a court has heard.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said he is "very pleased" with the government's response to education funding cuts.
Pupils in Denbighshire are being denied free school meals because they do not have a fingerprint, a Welsh AM has said.
Scientists say they have discovered a way to stop the spread of HIV.
A police force is being investigated over the treatment of a prisoner who had his fingers severed.
Young people in Ivorian capital, Ouagadougou, are struggling to make ends meet.
National League side Dover Athletic have been granted permission to sign midfielder Emmanuel N'Gala for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he is "very happy" with Kane Hemmings' recent form.
A campaign to raise awareness of Remembrance Day has been launched by the Royal British Legion.
Substitute Brian Graham scored a hat-trick as Ross County reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
The Conjuring has topped the North American box office for the first time in more than a decade.
Comedian Lloyd-Webber has described the West End as "the most expensive theatre in the world".
A university student is working on a mobile phone app that could be used to alert people to natural disasters in the Arctic.
Glamorgan all-rounder Jason Miller hit a career-best five-wicket haul as his side beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast.
It's that time of year again.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in Bridgend.
Two French brothers have been killed in a shooting at a satirical magazine in Paris.
The Duke of Edinburgh is the longest serving member of the Royal Family.
Residents of a block of flats in Shoreham have reacted angrily to plans to demolish them.
A man has told a court how he was shot in the head during a burglary at his home.
Taylor Swift's latest album, Love, has been removed from Spotify for the first time.
Ferrari driver Jenson Button says he does not believe the new Formula 1 world championship will be safe.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of India's capital, Delhi, to protest against the government's handling of a corruption scandal.
The number of organised crime groups in Scotland has reached a new all-time high, according to police.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be held in Belfast later this year.
Former world champion Lance Armstrong says he does not want to return to cycling.
Wales head coach Chris Coleman says his side's hopes of reaching the knockout stages of the Euro 2016 tournament are not over.
Michael McGuinness is one of the world's fastest motorcyclists.
Sussex batsman James Wells says he is "not good enough" to challenge for the county's title.
A giant stone believed to have been carved into the side of a church has been removed from a hillside.
A man has been charged with attempted robbery after a crowdfunding campaign to buy a home for disabled man Paul Barnes.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said it will pay out more than £1bn to settle claims of mis-selling loans.
An 18th Century painting has been restored for the first time after it went on display for more than a year.
More than half of bus services in Wales could be cut in the next five years, the BBC has learned.
The High Court in South Africa's capital, Pretoria, is taking a break from the High Court.
Turkey has lifted a ban on the headscarf worn by female police officers.
Four UK universities have been granted degrees in cyber security, GCHQ has announced.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a woman whose body was found in a flat.
Tens of thousands of people have been killed in clashes between Shia and Sunni Muslims in the Lebanese capital Beirut.
The family of a blind man who was attacked at a mental health unit have said they are "devastated" by the allegations.
Hibernian goalkeeper Marciano has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Former NHL captain Gordie Howe has died at the age of 83.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has criticised the UK government for failing to deal with travel costs.
A former member of the West Midlands gang has said he has been left homeless and unable to afford a car because of his conviction.
Plans for an EU referendum in the coming assembly election have been backed by the Liberal Democrats.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough beat Rotherham to reach the third round of the EFL Cup.
Formula 1 world champion Jules Bianchi is in a coma, his father has said.
Law firm Axiom has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in Belfast.
A man who used a mobile phone to call a taxi firm has been arrested.
Michael Farley moved to the top of the UCI Superbike standings with victory in the first round of the Ulster Grand Prix.
Retail sales in the UK have fallen for the third month in a row, according to official figures.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the Commonwealth for the first time, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
A former mental health worker has been found guilty of failing to visit vulnerable people with mental health problems.
UK Prime Minister Philip Hammond has said the UK's decision to leave the European Union does not mean it is ready to begin formal negotiations.
The US government has banned the use of mobile phones in the US.
Cuba's President Yahya Jammeh has announced he will stand for re-election next year.
A dog that was banned from the streets of Belfast for more than a year has been allowed to return home.
Everton have agreed a deal to sign Manchester City defender Victor Stones for an undisclosed fee.
Gusts of up to 60mph (97km/h) have hit parts of Northern Ireland.
A 16-year-old girl has died after being hit by a lorry.
A 19-year-old man has died and three others have been injured in a two-car crash.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend told a court he wanted to kill her, a court has heard.
Bristol City manager Paul Johnson praised his players after the club beat Bristol City to move up to third in the Championship.
Uefa has introduced a new system of match-fixing in the Copa del Rey.
A woman who has been collecting poppies for more than 100 years has said she is "devastated" by the loss of her husband.
A woman has told a court she was sexually assaulted by her ex-boyfriend Robert Howard.
Greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has survived a vote of no confidence in the country's parliament.
Millions of people across the UK are voting in the general election.
Worcestershire have been asked to move their one-day international against England to a different venue.
A controversial Henry Moore sculpture has been returned to Tower Hamlets for the first time.
A Londonderry man has been given a three-month jail sentence after pleading guilty to driving without a licence.
The winner of the Miss America pageant in Las Vegas has said she wants to become a doctor.
YouTube is trying to crack down on fake videos.
China says it has no plans to burn down its space laboratory, which has been in orbit for more than a decade.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the key challenges facing the continent's poultry industry.
David Cameron's father, Ian, has died at the age of 77.
The last rebel-held part of the Syrian city of Homs, known as al-Wair, has been evacuated, officials say.
Saracens head coach Paul McCall says his side are still capable of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals.
Dick Bird has said he is "disappointed" that a statue of the former England batsman Dickie Bird has been defaced.
The average household in the UK could lose more than £1,000 a year if the UK voted to leave the European Union, a trade body has warned.
Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes has signed a new one-year contract with the Premier League club.
A samba school in Rio de Janeiro has won the prestigious carnival title for the first time.
The Welsh government's decision to cut subsidies for renewable energy has been "disastrous", a leading energy expert has said.
The price of diesel has fallen for the first time in more than a decade, the RAC has said.
Northern Ireland's men's 100m hurdles team have failed to qualify for the European Indoor Championships in Finland.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has urged young people to register to vote in the EU referendum.
Victims of child sexual exploitation in England and Wales will have the right to decide whether to bring a criminal case against the police, the Labour Party has said.
George Chase, who grew up on a family farm in Herefordshire, has been described as one of the world's most successful entrepreneurs.
The Syrian government says it has seized more than 1,000 tonnes of chemical weapons from rebel-held areas of Aleppo.
A six-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool was "too scared to swim", an inquest has heard.
Mitch Mitchell and Brett D'Oliveira hit centuries as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets to reach 10,000 runs.
India's government's decision to scrap the high-value currency notes, known as black money, has been criticised by a leading economist.
Oxford United reached the League Two play-off quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Bradford.
Plans for a mixed-income housing development have been rejected by a village council.
Wales captain Warren Gatland says he would be happy if his side beat Australia to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup.
Hilary Hiddleston has denied rumours that he has had sex with Swedish actress Kristen Wiig.
The Lord Chief Justice has said he is "disappointed" that the UK government has not agreed to allow legacy inquests to take place in Northern Ireland.
Nottinghamshire maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship season with a five-wicket victory over Surrey.
Two former journalists have spoken of their shock at the closure of Fleet Street in London.
A plastic surgery surgery in Christchurch has been rated "good" by a health watchdog.
Singapore's largest university, SMU, has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to four points with a 2-1 victory over Stuttgart.
World number one Dustin Johnson and world number one Jason Day share the lead after the first round of the US Open at Oakmont.
A scheme to improve mental health services in Berkshire has been launched.
A new ambulance service is to be launched in north Wales, the health secretary has announced.
The husband of a woman held in Iran for more than two years has launched a legal appeal against her release.
Former world number one Lee Westwood says he is ready to return to the top of the world rankings after a three-year absence.
Alex Jones has signed a new two-year contract with Arsenal Ladies.
Badminton has been left out of Great Britain's Paralympic team for the second year in a row.
One of the world's largest penguins, the gentoo penguin, has been born at Bristol Zoo.
A body has been found at a house in County Londonderry.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a man by careless driving.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by the release of new US Federal Reserve minutes.
Blackpool have signed striker Alex Allop on a season-long loan deal and left-back Ryan Cooke on a permanent deal.
Match reports from the Scottish Premiership, Scottish Premiership and Scottish Championship.
A minute's silence has been held to mark the start of Armed Forces Day.
A Scottish man has broken the world record for the largest serving of meat.
A doctor who stole more than £20,000 from a hospital has been jailed for five years.
Carlisle United have appointed former Charlton Athletic boss Jose Riga as their new manager.
"I've never seen anything like it," says Jamie Hardie.
Tens of thousands of Indonesians have taken to social media to express their anger at the recent attacks in the capital, Jakarta.
The Kilmarnock-based metal fabrication company has announced plans to create 100 new jobs over the next three years.
An Indian reservation in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a cannabis-infused hotel.
Conor McGregor says he does not want to fight Floyd Mayweather because of the size of his gloves.
Plans for the sale of allotments in Surrey have been approved.
The Belfast Giants have been named in the squad to represent Great Britain at the 2018 Winter Olympics in South Korea.
BayBay TV has been put up for sale.
Togo's former coach, Big Boss Keshi, has died at the age of 83.
Two police officers have been arrested after a woman was robbed at knifepoint in Londonderry.
A man has been stabbed to death in Salford.
Russia says it has found no evidence that a suicide bomber carried out a bomb attack on a Russian airliner in the Sinai peninsula.
Real Madrid have signed Spain striker Mariano Morata for an undisclosed fee.
Security flaws in two of the world's most popular smart devices have been discovered by researchers.
Former Congolese President Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty of war crimes by the International Criminal Court.
Malala Yousafzai is one of the most famous girls in the world.
Chelsea have taken to the streets to celebrate winning the Premier League title for the first time.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Max Verstappen to win the Mexican Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Seachill is one of the biggest food companies in the world.
Russia's opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has said he is "disappointed" that police have detained him at a protest in St Petersburg.
UK construction firm Hays has warned of "challenging conditions" following the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Samsung has become the first smartphone manufacturer to introduce ad-blockers on its smartphones.
US consumer confidence has fallen for a third month in a row, according to a closely-watched survey.
Two brothers who have been jailed for life for sexually abusing two boys have been granted anonymity.
Four people have been arrested as part of a crackdown on domestic abuse at England's Euro 2016 matches.
More than 1,000 people in Cymru are being encouraged to take part in a scheme to encourage people to exercise more.
Four men have been charged in connection with a series of property raids in Oxford.
Derby defender Jacob Butterfield has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Kyle Edmund says he has been asked to help the British team prepare for their Davis Cup semi-final against Serbia on Friday.
Wigan Warriors winger Sam Tomkins says he would love to play for the Super League club again.
Wigan reached the Super League quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Salford Red Devils.
A teacher who was sexually abused at a school in north Belfast has resigned.
Scientists say they have found a way to predict the shape of sandstone in the Czech Republic.
The Met Office has issued a warning of "severe" winds in parts of Scotland.
The use of whole brain radiotherapy in patients with lung cancer has been shown to be ineffective, a study suggests.
Chelsea striker Victor Kante has been named the Premier League's player of the season for the second year running.
Glasgow boxer Ricky Taylor says he is ready to defend his IBF world welterweight title against Ricky Burns.
Dundee United have signed St Johnstone defender Stevie May on a season-long loan deal.
Dozens of people have been killed in clashes between Saudi security forces and Shia protesters in the western province of Qatif, activists say.
Turkish forces have launched a major offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Syria.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will not give up on the party.
A woman has discovered a gold coin hidden in the middle of a street in a bid to solve a mystery.
A soldier's body should be exhumed to allow an inquest into her death to be held, a coroner has ruled.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a walk in memory of missing schoolgirl Paige Paige.
A new search and rescue helicopter has been launched at a Powys airfield.
The Irish Boxing Association (IABA) has said it is "deeply divided" over the selection of a top-quality boxer for the World Championships in Ukraine.
The daughter of a man killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has called for the group to be eradicated.
Worcestershire's Chris Trott hit a century to help his side beat Essex by eight wickets in the first one-day international at Chelmsford.
The Haitian parliament has voted to elect President Michel Privert as interim president.
The cockpit voice recorder of the EgyptAir plane that crashed last year has been found in the sea off the coast of Alexandria.
Theresa May has said the UK is committed to tackling terrorism.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the introduction of unfair dismissal fees in England and Wales is unconstitutional.
Iranian football fans have reacted angrily to the arrest of a woman for wearing a hijab.
American Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win a World Cup downhill title.
The London Fire Brigade (LFB) has issued a safety warning after two hoverboards caught fire.
England and Scotland will kick off the Women's World Twenty20 campaign in India on Saturday.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Tottenham will be shown live on BBC One.
A hotelier has been fined £10,000 after falling from a balcony.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Sir Vince Cable looks at the challenges facing the UK economy.
A Derbyshire swimming pool has been saved.
A man who was jailed for life for murdering a man in north Belfast has been released from prison.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits maker, has reported a sharp rise in sales in the first three months of the year.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the UK to return to the Chagos Islands.
Actress Casey Affleck says he is "overwhelmed" by the success of his latest film, The Bourne Identity.
Somalia's coastguard says it has freed the crew of a tanker seized by pirates off the coast of Puntland.
A seven-year-old girl has been adopted by a non-Muslim foster agency in London, the BBC has learned.
The father of a man killed in a fire at the Bloody Sunday museum in Glenavon, County Antrim, has said he feared for his family's safety.
Traffic signs have been removed from a busy pedestrian crossing for the first time in more than a decade.
BMW has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
People with a positive outlook are more likely to live longer, a study suggests.
Durham and Teesside Airport has signed a deal to fly commercial flights between the UK and the UK.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with the attempted murder of nine people at a US airport in Florida.
The US economy has slowed to its slowest pace since 2009, according to official figures.
Scientists say they have discovered the world's largest reservoir of water.
Charlton moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Charlton.
Glasgow Warriors have signed Ollie Rae and Sam Burdi on two-year contracts.
Ulster fly-half Conor Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland's tour of South Africa because of a shoulder injury.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales, the Met Office has warned.
This year's Wimbledon Championships will be held in London.
A bus has caught fire in the Scottish Borders.
Northern Ireland's cities are most likely to suffer from the impact of the UK's exit from the EU, a study suggests.
Tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from a seaside resort in northern Italy after a huge fire broke out.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been sworn in.
Ivory Coast's former president has been re-elected for a second term.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Iain Aggarwal looks at how technology is changing the way we organise events.
Ospreys won their first game of the 2017-18 season with a hard-fought victory over Dragons.
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer and columnist Sushma Swaraj looks at some of India's most famous brands.
US carmaker General Motors has announced plans to cut its operations in India, India and South Africa.
Hibernian have signed Hibernian defender Scott Graham on loan until the end of the season.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says striker Vincent Zohore is "one of the best players in the world".
A soldier who was beaten to death by a fellow soldier has been found guilty of murder.
Prince Charles and his wife Camilla have visited a shop in Brixton.
Hundreds of humpback whales have been stranded on a New Zealand beach for more than a week.
Scotland manager Derek McGhee has called on fans to come to Hampden for Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Slovakia.
Warwickshire maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship with victory over Surrey at Edgbaston.
Four teenagers have been released on bail after being arrested in Turkey.
A north Wales police force has been rated as the best in the UK for tackling crime.
Birmingham City Council has said it is prepared to take legal action over claims of extremism in schools in the city.
Galatasarasarasaray have signed former Olympiakos striker Ousmane Belhando for an undisclosed fee.
A man who was found guilty of threatening to kill Robin Hood has won a High Court appeal against his conviction.
How do you get rid of your boss?
A flight from Ibiza to London was forced to make an emergency landing after smoke started seeping into the cabin, an investigation has found.
England batsman Liam Livingstone has been named in the England squad for the three-match series against South Africa.
A specialist ophthalmic surgery unit at a south London hospital has been closed after staff complained of problems with a mobile phone.
Four men have gone on trial accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks on asylum seekers in Germany.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats has said he is "disappointed" that EU funding for the valleys has not been properly funded.
Libya's former prime minister, Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the Lockerbie bombing.
Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed ancient Assyrian statues in Iraq, in a video posted online.
One of the UK's worst floods has been recorded in Lancashire.
TalkTalk has reported a drop in pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
Coffee giant Heineken has been given the go-ahead to sell its stake in the Punch pub chain in the Republic of Ireland.
A new £1m research centre is to be set up in the North Sea to help the oil and gas industry.
Sunderland striker Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Two men have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in a drugs trafficking operation.
Schools across England are being asked to create a dedicated web page to report on their work.
Archaeologists believe they have found evidence of a Bronze Age fort in Caerau, south Wales, dating back to the Iron Age.
A gun has been fired at a police car in County Londonderry, police have said.
Thousands of people have marched through London to protest against the closure of Kids Company.
Mozambique's main opposition party has won a second term in the country's parliament.
Bristol City Council has been forced to stop subsidising a private-run park-and-ride service.
Families with children under the age of three will lose their benefits under new changes to the UK's welfare system, a charity says.
Scotland needs to improve its skills to compete with the rest of the world, according to a new report.
A US prisoner has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in a series of attacks at the US military's Guantanamo Bay detention centre.
Cardiff City have signed teenage striker Kade Harris for an undisclosed fee.
The decision by French energy firm EDF to delay the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in London has been hailed as a victory for the UK.
The death of a Glamorgan cricketer has been confirmed as suspicious.
The death of the leader of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, Sheikh Anwar al-Awlaki, is the latest blow to the jihadist movement.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Cardiff City defender Michael Bolton on a season-long loan deal.
Liam Williams scored twice as Doncaster Rovers came from behind to beat Rochdale.
Nottingham Forest chairman Paul Collymore has withdrawn from the club.
Widnes Widnes have said they are "not aware" of any injuries sustained on the pitch during their Super League semi-final win over Wakefield.
Plans for a £1bn redevelopment of a former railway station in Somerset have been given the go-ahead.
Sinn Féin have signed Connacht scrum-half Dominic Roberts-McCoy for the 2017-18 season.
A former Liverpool FC player has been found guilty of stealing more than £10,000 from the Hillsborough campaign.
More than half of offenders in England and Wales are failing to complete unpaid work, a report has found.
British and Irish Lions fly-half Sam Warburton has been called up to the squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Adele's latest single, Adele's Adele, has topped the UK album chart for the first time.
Police searching for a man who went missing more than a year ago have found more than 100 items of clothing.
Talks have been held to resolve a dispute over teaching contracts in Durham.
Plaid Cymru leader Kirsty Wood has said the election result in Wales is a "win-win" for all parties.
Norwegian scientists are warning that the country's sea ice is on the brink of collapse.
A Muslim man has said he has been threatened with acid in the streets of London after he married a gay man.
Cornwall beat Cornish to reach the semi-finals of the County Championship.
A virtual version of Alice in Wonderland has been launched in Llandudno.
Five people have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a bus in Oxford.
Campaigners have called for an independent review of plans to improve a dual carriageway in Worcestershire.
Former world champions Sepp Blatter and Michel Platini have been banned from international football for eight years.
Archaeologists have discovered what they believe to be the world's largest megalithic monument.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Belfast Devils are the best team in the Elite League, according to head coach Paul Bowns.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of epilepsy has been awarded more than £120,000 in NHS funding.
The RNLI is to provide lifeguards to Camber Sands, the seaside resort where five men drowned last week.
Police are investigating reports of people dressing up as clowns in Gwynedd.
A former student of the University of Northern Ireland (UNI) has lodged a legal challenge to the PSNI's refusal to release information about him.
Cardiff City striker Efele Manga has been diagnosed with malaria.
Wolverhampton Wanderers maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Cambridge United.
For years, Nigel Gill has been the leader of the UK Independence Party.
A father-of-two who died in a two-vehicle crash in County Londonderry has been named by police.
The number of wild bees in the UK could be halved by the end of the year, a charity has warned.
As the UK prepares to launch its first air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, Jeremy Corbyn says he is ready to take action.
At least 20 people have been killed in a shooting at a gay bar in Tel Aviv, police say.
Sony has said it will no longer sell its e-books in the UK and Ireland.
Israel says it will remove metal detectors from the entrance to the holy site of the Old City of Jerusalem.
The Welsh government has pledged to invest more than £1m in flood defences in areas affected by climate change.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says the Premier League title race is not over.
A police dog has been found guilty of biting a man during a training exercise.
The creator of the Turing test, Eugene, has won the competition for the first time.
Four Scottish swimmers have been selected to represent Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
Olympic judo bronze medallist Mohamed Sasson has been banned from the Rio Olympics after he refused to shake the hand of his opponent Issa El Elhoshieh.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to five points with victory over Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of the world's largest economies, with more than 1.5 million people living in the country.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a way to detect the cause of Alzheimer's disease.
Johanna Konta says she is ready to challenge for the Wimbledon women's singles title.
The rollout of the UK's first smart meters has been delayed until the end of the year.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a proposal by the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to cut parking fines.
A former Conservative youth leader has told the BBC he was bullied by a senior party official in the run-up to the general election.
A fishing boat has been rescued from the sea off the coast of Holyhead.
Sinn Féin reached the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Hurling Championships with a 3-0 win over St Ronan's.
Two new space cameras have been installed on the International Space Station.
In a village in northern India, a schoolboy has become the first person in the world to score well in the state's secondary school exams.
The lifejacket of a fishing boat that capsized off the coast of Scotland has been found to be inadequate, a report has found.
More than 1,000 archaeological sites have been discovered in Egypt, according to a new study.
The body of a woman who went missing more than a year ago has been found.
The final episode of Bridesmaids has been the most-watched show on BBC One.
It's been a year since Apple launched the $17,000 (£10,000) Apple Watch.
A Pembrokeshire-based sea salt producer has been bought by Sainsbury's for an undisclosed sum.
Councils in England and Wales have been inundated with "silly" phone calls, the Local Government Association says.
A painting of the coronation of the Duke of Durham has been discovered in Durham.
Plans to build a McDonald's fast food restaurant in a seaside town have been rejected by a council.
A mental health officer has written to the health secretary to warn of a rise in the number of patients being detained at A&E.
World number one Tiger Woods says he wants to play golf for the rest of his career.
It would be a dream come true for a Welshman to play in a European Cup final in Cardiff.
Troubled video game firm Take-Two has launched a new e-sports league.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she has "absolute confidence" in the effectiveness of the UK's Trident missile system.
It has been a year since Britain became the first nation in the world to become world number one.
Manchester City striker Scott Sinclair has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Britain's Chris Froome won the Tour de France for the third year in a row with victory in the final stage.
Tributes have been paid to Elvis Presley's former assistant, Paul Esposito, who died at the age of 83.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower on Friday, with shares in online retailer Ocado leading the way.
A World War Two aircraft that was due to take part in a flypast in Bournemouth has been grounded.
A man has appeared in court charged with raping a 13-year-old girl.
The number of homeless people in London has more than doubled since the Grenfell Tower fire, figures show.
Tottenham's failure to reach the Champions League quarter-finals would be "a tragedy", says manager Antonio Conte.
If you want to see your favourite band perform in London, you might have to travel to other parts of the world.
Microsoft has announced a series of new games for the Xbox One.
Hundreds of people have taken to social media to pay their respects to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
The Home Office should ban two prominent anti-Islamist speakers from entering the UK, an MP has said.
US President Barack Obama has said he is "deeply disappointed" by Donald Trump's election victory.
At least 30 people have died after a train derailed in the western Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, police say.
Glamorgan have announced a new schedule for the T20 Blast.
A woman has been charged with drink-driving and driving while under the influence of alcohol.
A police officer has described the "horrific" moment he tried to rescue a woman who died in a nightclub crush.
A woman and her child have been raped and sexually assaulted in a car.
World number one Mark Carter suffered a severe case of Crohn's disease as he lost 6-1 to world number one Jimmy Higgins in the first round of the World Championship.
A terminally-ill woman who was diagnosed with a brain tumour has died.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's interest rate rise.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in Uruguay's capital, Buenos Aires.
Brentford came from behind to beat Cardiff City and maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
The president of the International Ski Federation (IFS) has apologised for suggesting that Russian athletes should be banned from the Olympics.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of indecent exposure at Peru's famous Machu Picchu.
At least 20 people have been killed and dozens injured in two explosions in China's port city of Tianjin.
The National Union of Teachers (NUWT) has called for an end to the use of unqualified teachers in schools.
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows of Inverness.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he does not intend to quit the party.
The genetic make-up of Europe has been revealed for the first time.
The owner of a Syrian-themed shop has said she has been "devastated" by comments made online about the Islamic State group.
A former pupil at Gordonstoun School has told the BBC she has been sexually abused at the school.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has called for a "transit-style" rail renationalisation of Britain's railways.
The mother of a schoolgirl who went on to become a teacher in France has said she is "devastated" by the media coverage of her daughter's abduction.
Borussia Dortmund have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Christian Eriksen for an undisclosed fee.
China's economy grew at an annual rate of 0.5% in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
Nigeria's former national team coach Emmanuel Oliseh has been appointed as the new head coach of Dutch side Fortuna Rotterdam.
All pictures are copyrighted.
A World War Two aircraft has been returned to its former home for the first time.
A husband and wife have died after falling from a balcony in Morocco.
A new type of ice ball has been discovered in the Arctic.
Guernsey's bid to play in the Women's FA Cup has been criticised by the Football Association.
Comic book creator Lee Lee is to co-write a film based on the Marvel comic books.
Cybersecurity experts are taking part in a cyber security conference in Cardiff.
More than 1,000 dogs have been rescued from a burning animal shelter in Greater Manchester.
The number of athletes who have tested positive for drugs has reached a record high, according to a study by Harvard University.
England all-rounder Joe Vince has signed a one-day contract with the county until the end of the 2018 World Twenty20.
A Scottish man has been searching for his great-grandfather's grave for more than 30 years.
The Flying Scotsman has been given a new colour scheme for the first time.
Saracens scrum-half Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year deal with the Premiership club.
Thor: Ragnarok director Chris Hemsworth has revealed the name of the new Avengers movie.
In our series of letters from Caribbean journalists, novelist and writer Adaobi reflects on the challenges facing indigenous people in Guyana.
A snake believed to be a green snake has been found in Aberdeen.
A convicted child sex trafficker from the UK has pleaded guilty to a child sex trafficking charge.
China has become the first country in the world to launch its own television channel.
At least eight people have died in a suspected human trafficking operation in the US city of San Antonio, officials say.
A police officer has been awarded a knighthood for his bravery in beating a man to death at a house in Buckingham Palace.
The maker of Strathallan and Strabane soft drinks has said it will cut its bottling capacity.
A 17-year-old boy has been shot dead in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, police say.
Pop star Madonna has been criticised for using a "rebelheart" image to promote her new album.
Wigan Athletic suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Wigan Athletic.
Charli has revealed that she is writing songs for a new album.
Apple has announced a new policy that allows women to freeze their eggs for fertility treatment.
Former world heavyweight champion Michael Shavers says he would not have been able to beat Muhammad Ali if he had known the Klitschko.
Members of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee have voted against a rise in interest rates.
When the Chicago Cubs beat the Cleveland Indians in the National League Division Series, it was the first time the team had won a major league title.
The Queen's Speech has been hailed as a "historic step forward" in the UK's Brexit negotiations.
The RSPCA should be allowed to run its own prosecutions, a former MP has said.
Google has released a new version of its Street View app for the International Space Station (ISS).
Thousands of people have taken part in a sea-swimming event in a seaside seaside town.
Aberdeen Asset Management (AIA) has appointed former HSBC chief executive David Tucker as its new chief executive.
The US will continue to maintain its commitment to the Paris climate agreement, says the UN's climate change chief, Michael Pershing.
Swansea City reached the second round of the Women's Super League with a 2-1 victory over Bristol Rovers.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after escaping from a nightclub in Manchester.
The government has submitted a draft plan to tackle air pollution in parts of the UK.
Plans for a memorial to a police officer who died in a shooting have been unveiled.
Colin Forsyth scored twice as Linfield beat Crusaders 3-1 in the Scottish Premiership.
Scottish rail operators are to recruit more than 1,000 train drivers over the next five years.
Malaysia's prime minister, Najib Razak, has been accused of misusing millions of dollars of public money, the FBI has said.
Mae Cymru wedi cael yn ôl yn yn ddydd yn cael ei gael yn ei cael ar â'r yn mewn.
German authorities are trying to crack down on a growing number of cases of fake paternity claims, state media report.
The number of UK firms being fined by the European Commission for breaches of data protection laws has more than doubled in the last five years, according to consultancy PwC.
The Shroud of Turin has been officially opened to the public for the first time.
The Welsh health secretary has said he has no plans to charge patients who travel to other countries for treatment.
The North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said he has tested a hydrogen bomb.
A jury has been cleared of a string of child sex offences against a woman in Belfast.
A campaign group has called for the Scottish government to clarify its plans for the Named Person scheme.
Nottingham Forest have signed defender Jack Brown on a season-long loan deal.
More than 1,000 children in Scotland are being recruited to take part in a national study into cancer and other diseases.
"I don't know what I'm talking about," says David, who lives in the French city of Aubervilliers.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by the US Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates.
German carmaker Daimler has warned that sales of cars in China and other emerging markets will continue to fall.
Iran's President Hassan al-Bashir has called on the Syrian government not to intervene in the country's civil war.
Japanese video game maker Nintendo has reported a sharp drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
Burton Albion moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Huddersfield.
The word "petrel" has been used for more than a decade to describe a group of schoolchildren in south Wales.
The body of a British aid worker who was kidnapped in Afghanistan has been found, an inquest has heard.
Former Wimbledon champion Maria Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
Plans for a wind farm in north Wales have been given the go ahead, a High Court judge has ruled.
China's largest online court has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The biggest shareholder in Samsung Electronics, the South Korean conglomerate, has approved the takeover of its parent company, Cung Media Group (CMC).
The sale of a medieval statue believed to have been stolen from a Northamptonshire museum has been put on hold.
Lancashire will begin the 2017-18 season with a three-match one-day series against Derbyshire.
A gambler who dumped a suitcase containing cash worth more than £20,000 into a suitcase has been found dead, a court has heard.
Former Liberal Democrat MP Peter Reckless is to leave the party and join the Conservative Party.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has become the first person to be convicted of corruption.
Rangers maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Queens Park Rangers.
Uganda says it will withdraw its army from South Sudan by the end of the year.
Air ambulance charities in England and Wales are to receive more than £1m from the government, it has been announced.
Two brothers from Exeter have broken the world record for the fastest female sailor.
Brighton striker Jack Sidwell has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A cancer patient has said she has been forced to move to Wales because she cannot afford a cancer drug fund.
Forest Green Rovers were held to a goalless draw by Grimsby Town in the National League.
A 3D model of the world's largest solid-state structure has been unveiled in Vienna.
As Hillary Clinton prepares to become the first woman to become president of the United States, her husband, Bill Clinton, is in the midst of a long-running sexual assault scandal.
Planning permission has been given to Transport for London (Teltic) chief executive Steve Hazzard.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson looks at how the UK has reacted to Donald Trump's election as US president.
Formula 1's governing body has rejected a proposal to re-introduce the elimination of the fastest cars at the end of the season.
Scotland's Mark Perry beat world number one Mark Bingham in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship.
Ukrainian media have reacted angrily to reports that pro-Russian separatists in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk have attacked the Ukrainian army.
Leicestershire all-rounder Ed Barnard took four wickets as Worcestershire took control on day three of their One-Day Cup match at Chester-le-Street.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow in the wake of the murder of Ahmad Shah.
Swedish music streaming service Spotify has launched a new version of its app.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he needs to improve his goalkeeper Alexandre Mignolet if he is to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
A 15-year-old girl has posted a picture of David Cameron eating Pringles.
A veteran of the Falklands War has made a series of animated films about his experiences as a military chaplain.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill became the first British woman to win a gold medal at the World Para-athletics Championships.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the challenges facing politicians in the United States.
Swansea City have signed Norwich City midfielder Jordan Redmond on a season-long loan deal.
UKIP has said it has been "disappointed" by a letter sent to the party's governing body.
An investigation is under way into the crash of a light aircraft in the Australian state of Victoria.
A Dutch man has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the murders of three Jewish people during World War Two.
The mother of a Palestinian woman who was burned to death in a firebombing in the occupied West Bank has been released from hospital.
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has died at the age of 90.
Lloyds Banking Group has said it has seen a rise in the number of people taking out loans.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked at a house in Inverness.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says striker Harry Kane is not for sale.
A Glasgow arts venue has gone into administration.
Lonmin, the world's biggest platinum producer, has announced plans to raise $800m (Â£800m) in a rights issue.
The mother of missing toddler Mani Dad has appealed for help to find him.
Bristol Rovers have signed former Exeter Chiefs scrum-half George O'Driscoll on a two-year deal.
Work is under way to improve the safety of a railway station.
Torquay United came from behind to beat North Ferriby in the first half of their National League play-off campaign.
A petition calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union has reached more than 100,000 signatures.
A man who raped and murdered a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for life.
A group of anti-election campaigners has launched a legal challenge to a London mayoral election.
A Roald Dahl funniest prize has been awarded to the family of a children's author.
Somalia's former prime minister has been shot dead by gunmen in the capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
Huddersfield Town goalkeeper Luke Ward says he would love to play in the Premier League again.
A man whose body was found at a park was a Vietnamese man, an inquest has heard.
All pictures are copyrighted.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Canada has agreed to set up a national inquiry into violence against indigenous women and girls.
A Kuwaiti detainee held at the US Guantanamo Bay detention centre has been released, his lawyer has said.
The NHS is to set up a national registry of breast implants in England and Wales.
One of the world's most powerful self-driving robots, RobRobotics, has crashed into a Silicon Valley shopping centre.
Police are searching for a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl.
"I want to be a video game developer."
Britain's Bob Jungels extended his lead at the top of the Giro d'Italia to seven points after the final stage of the Vuelta a Espana.
As the pound continues to fall against the dollar, it is easy to see why tourists are spending more money in the UK.
The trial of a Dublin man accused of inciting violence in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, has been adjourned.
Telecoms firm TalkTalk is being investigated by police after a number of calls were made to the firm.
A woman who claims she was raped by her ex-boyfriend has called for a ban on cross-examination of rape victims.
Former Rangers youth coach Paul Durrant has left the club.
Arsenal and Manchester City will meet in the semi-finals of the Women's Super League Cup.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Churcher says his side's performance against Chinnock was the best in the club's history.
It's been an incredible year for me as a coach.
The leader of the UK Independence Party has been refused permission to stand in the race for the party's leadership.
British number one Johanna Konta has qualified for the Nottingham Open for the first time.
A Dutch artist has said he believes a painting by Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh is authentic.
An exhibition celebrating the birth of the first female giraffe in the UK has opened at Windsor Castle.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has confirmed that it will launch a robotic rover on the surface of Mars in 2020.
Katie, who has epilepsy, has been taking part in the London Marathon for the first time.
Liam Davies took four wickets as Yorkshire beat Yorkshire by eight wickets at Lord's to reach the semi-finals of the T20 Blast.
French police have opened a major railway station in Paris as part of a counter-terrorism operation.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a technique that allows them to map the spread of cancer.
Tens of thousands of people have been forced to flee their homes in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, officials say.
Bernie Sanders is on the verge of winning the Democratic nomination for the party's presidential nomination.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide attack by Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria, a local MP has said.
As the UK general election draws to a close, there are still plenty of questions to be answered.
The design for a new high-rise in South Korea's capital, Seoul, has been criticised for being "too old-fashioned".
Jess Ennis-Hill is one of the greatest athletes of all time.
Microsoft has teamed up with telecoms companies to build a subsea cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have returned to Sandringham for a Christmas service, Buckingham Palace has said.
The son of former US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden has been granted a lifetime achievement award.
Scientists say they have developed a device that can be implanted in the heart of a rabbit.
Salford Red Devils have agreed a new deal to sign former Castleford Red Devils winger Sam Sneyd.
One person has been taken to hospital after a car overturned on the M74 in County Tyrone.
The Cuban government has said it will continue to support President Donald Trump's efforts to end the US-Cuban trade embargo.
The number of cases of measles in Wales has reached a record high, according to Public Health Wales.
More than 1,000 people have been rescued after a plane crashed into a river in Taiwan.
One of the world's rarest plants has been discovered in a forest in Mexico.
A new plan to improve the way children are taught in primary schools in Wales has been published.
A man who played a bagpipes on the International Space Station has died.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez will be available for the rest of the season.
Chelsea Walsh scored twice as Manchester City beat Brondby to reach the semi-finals of the Women's Champions League.
A Falkirk couple have won more than £1m in the Euromillions jackpot.
The Belgian capital, Brussels, has been hit by a series of attacks linked to the Paris attacks.
A former Soviet soldier who was held in Afghanistan for more than a decade has been charged with war crimes.
Plans to demolish Perth Opera House have been given the go-ahead.
Ronnie Macphee says he is "devastated" that Northern Ireland have reached the semi-finals of the Europa League.
A scheme to vaccinate badgers against bovine tuberculosis (BV) has been launched.
A leading urologist has called for an end to the use of catheters in the UK.
Chelsea striker Victor Moses has been named in Nigeria's squad for Saturday's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon.
Venezuela's state-owned cologne company, Labio, has apologised for using the names of Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez.
A councillor who posted a racist tweet on Twitter has been suspended.
Cardiff University has been given the go-ahead to carry out a review into racist behaviour at its medical school.
Muslim imams from around the world have visited Auschwitz-Birkenau to teach about the horrors of the Holocaust.
Two men have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a lorry in Conwy county.
Formula 1 has had its fair share of controversy in recent years.
A coffee shop in Foyle, County Londonderry, is to close after a stolen car was stolen.
A man has been stabbed to death in a Glasgow street.
The safety of ejection seats on a crashed Hawker Hunter aircraft has been criticised by a watchdog.
India's prime minister, Narendra Modi, has been accused of being a "joke" by some of the world's biggest yoga fans.
A collection of children's photographs from Liverpool has gone on display for the first time.
The University of Manchester has announced it will invest £1m in a cancer research centre.
Great Britain won the men's 5,000m race for the first time, beating Turkey in the women's race.
A Victorian Tudor mansion in Kirkcaldy has been destroyed in a fire.
Preston North End boss Paul Lambert has given the team a "message" to improve, according to former Wolves defender Erik Bodvarsson.
Plans to demolish a former Foyle factory have been given the go-ahead.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man whose body was found in his flat.
Ladbrokes has said it has made "significant progress" in improving its gaming business.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the closure of a Suffolk airport.
Two men have been taken to hospital after a fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine.
A four-year-old boy has been reunited with his beloved lion after it was stolen from a London mansion.
British soldiers spent more than half of their time fighting at the front line of World War One, a study suggests.
Deaf people in Northern Ireland have called for the use of sign language in the general election campaign.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at how our brains are wired.
Wayne Rooney is the best player in the world, says former England captain Wayne Rooney.
The family of a man who was seriously injured when his car crashed into a department store in County Armagh have paid tribute to him.
In our series of letters from European journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the UK's EU partners.
A man has been charged with the murder of a three-year-old girl whose body was found in a street.
The Bolivian government has passed a new law that makes it illegal for children to work.
Plans to demolish a former Pembrokeshire hospital have been given the go ahead.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in commodity prices.
Nicola Gadzhi, the former chief executive of Virgin Media, is to lead a review into student loan support in Scotland.
The world's largest theme park, SeaWorld, has been ordered to ban the breeding of orangutans.
The festive period has come to an end in the English Football League.
Worcestershire have parted company with batsmen Matt Milnes and Liam McKay.
The number of first-time buyers in the UK has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to a survey.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats has said he has no intention of going ahead with a debate over a proposed M4 relief road.
A British soldier killed in a suicide bomb attack in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
Twitter has announced that it is rolling out a new feature to its social media app.
Liverpool's remarkable Champions League quarter-final win over Borussia Monchengladbach was one of the most dramatic in the club's history.
Radiohead have suspended betting on the band's performance of the James Bond title song Spectre.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will take legal action against the Northern Ireland government over plans to build a new railway station.
A group of industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by a shipping company.
Olympic gold medallist Katarina Chernova should be banned from the sport for life, says former world champion Michael Minichiello.
A new choir has been launched at Gloucester Cathedral.
Great Britain's women's hockey team have been knocked out of the Women's World Cup after a 2-1 defeat by North Korea.
Haiti is still reeling from the devastation of Hurricane Matthew.
Skyscanner has reported record revenues for the first half of the year.
One of the UK's biggest taxi companies has opened a new factory in Coventry.
Three men have been charged with attempted murder after a teenager was shot dead in Warwickshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at some of the key issues facing the United Nations.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the pound has fallen sharply against the dollar.
A Scottish whisky distiller has announced plans to create a new distillery in the Borders.
CBBC has announced it is to switch its radio station from BBC Radio 1 to BBC Radio 4.
The number of cases of animal tuberculosis in the world has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Andy Murray is capable of reaching the top of the world singles rankings, according to former world number one Andy Henman.
Mark Higgins beat Ding Bingham 6-3 to win the China Open for the first time in his career.
Students in the US are more likely to be sleep deprived than the rest of the world, a study suggests.
US President-elect Donald Trump has been spotted riding a horse in the US National Park Service (NPS).
Charlton Athletic have launched an investigation into allegations of historical sexual abuse at the club.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in Lisvane have been given the go-ahead.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonny Evans could face a four-match ban for his red card for spitting at Newcastle United's Nicolas Cisse.
A 19-year-old man who died after being knocked unconscious at a party has been named by police.
Cardiff City defender Jack Hoilett has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
The RMT union has accused ScotRail of failing to meet its performance targets.
Ireland's Laura Shillington has retired from international cricket after a one-day international defeat by Sri Lanka in Colombo.
West Ham boss Mike Dean has been given a four-match ban for his red card against Manchester United.
The number of cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has more than halved in the last five years.
The FA Cup semi-final between Arsenal and Chelsea will be broadcast live on BBC Radio 5 live.
Four health boards in Wales are in a "serious financial crisis", according to figures released by the Welsh Government.
Colin MacKenzie says he is relishing the opportunity to represent Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a man allegedly assaulted a woman.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected US jobs figures.
A British man accused of killing a US soldier in Iraq has told a court he travelled to Syria to make improvised bombs.
Raheem Sterling has signed a new three-year contract with Liverpool, says manager Brendan Rodgers.
It's been a hot summer in Spain, but what about the rest of Europe?
A minimum price for alcohol should be introduced in England and Wales to reduce the harmful effects of alcohol, according to a new report.
Comedian Jon Stewart has announced his retirement from The Daily Show.
The Scottish government's finance secretary has said he expects to be able to extend the deadline for payments to farmers and crofters.
More than 1,000 teachers in Wales have been suspended after being found guilty of sexual misconduct.
Nintendo has apologised after a number of its Switch consoles were found to contain dead pixels.
Carl Frampton will defend his IBF featherweight title against Leo Santa Cruz at the end of the year.
Restrictions on bus lanes in Lancashire have been lifted.
Kumar Ervine's second-wicket haul of the season helped Somerset beat Somerset by eight wickets in a rain-affected One-Day Cup match at Hove.
Celine Stella has been photographing the world for more than a decade.
Google has been warned about a growing number of malicious extensions in its Chrome browser, a study suggests.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has called for a debate on the future of the monarchy.
Midfielder Jonjo Shelvey scored twice as Newcastle beat West Ham to maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
As Britain prepares to compete in the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, it has been a dream come true.
It's been a week since Jeremy Corbyn took over as leader of the Labour Party.
A film about the founder of a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Dumfries and Galloway has been made.
More than £1bn will be invested in the care system in England over the next five years, the chancellor has announced.
A man accused of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a bike has told a court he did not intend to kill her.
A fire at a flat in Aberdeenshire could have been started by a faulty dryer, an inquest has heard.
A Japanese military officer has been ordered to drink and drive after being found guilty of drink-driving.
The Speaker John Bercow is back in the Commons.
Gangnamangnam Style has become the most popular video in the world.
Castleford suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Widnes Vikings.
A woman from Ukraine has given birth to her first child, the BBC has learned.
Two hospitals in Cumbria have been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Hull KR reached the Super League semi-finals for the first time with victory over Salford Red Devils.
For months, Chaka has been studying at a Turkish school in the capital, Ankara.
A man has been found dead in a house in Waterford, County Antrim.
Blackburn Rovers suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Blackburn Rovers.
More than half of children in England eat school lunches, a study suggests.
A man has died after a light aircraft crashed into a garden.
A captain of a container ship has been fined £10,000 after being found guilty of drink-driving.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has been nominated to be the next head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Iran has said it will reopen its embassy in London for the first time since President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad took office.
Stevenage suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Cambridge.
Star Wars actor James Davis has said he was "lucky to be alive" after a caravan he was travelling in was stolen.
US President Barack Obama is to give a speech at the EICC conference in Edinburgh later.
The European Court of Human Rights has upheld a ban on the wearing of headscarves in Belgium.
A Celtic fan has appeared in court charged with carrying a banner at Celtic Park.
Police have released CCTV footage of a woman they want to speak to in connection with a knife attack in Greater Manchester.
Bolivian film-maker Joanna Cappa has discovered the remains of a man shot dead by a firing squad in Bolivia's capital, La Paz.
The US Federal Reserve has announced that it will raise interest rates for the first time this year.
Members of the Isle of Wight's Conservative Party have voted in favour of the party's candidate for the election.
It's that time of year again!
One of the world's most popular video games, Flappy Bird, has been removed from the internet.
Tens of thousands of pounds of plastic bags have been removed from the Dorset Pier to protest against the UK's response to the migrant crisis.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have signed up to take part in a scholarship programme to help the Queen in the Caribbean.
Britain's Andy Murray beat world number one Raonic 6-3 6-4 to reach the semi-finals of the French Open.
A court in South Africa has heard evidence that Oscar Pistorius shot a toilet door with a cricket bat.
During World War Two, millions of people living in France were forced to eat chocolate and chocolate to survive during the war.
