More than 1,000 new one-bedroom homes have been built in Wales in the last year, a charity has said.
A man has been charged with firearms offences following a police operation in Edinburgh.
Three teenagers have appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a black man in Chicago.
West Bromwich Albion have appointed former England Under-21s coach Paul Robinson as their new head coach.
A five-day fasting cycle in the pancreas can reverse the effects of diabetes, a study suggests.
In our series of letters from the UK's leading opticians, we take a look at some of the big names in the industry.
Olympic gold medallist Wendy Houvenaghel has resigned from British Cycling.
The owner of a stand-up comedy club in Austin, Texas, has told the BBC that the business is in a "golden age".
BT shares rose more than 5% on Thursday after the telecoms regulator Ofcom announced plans to split the company into two separate companies.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says it will be "difficult" to travel to the Scottish Cup semi-final against Partick Thistle.
Queen's University in Belfast has announced plans to cut the number of its full-time teaching posts.
An NHS trust has apologised after a patient's name was mistakenly printed in hospital appointments.
The shadow home secretary has said she will not support the government's Brexit bill if it fails to pass the Commons.
Championship side Gillingham have agreed a deal to sell midfielder Jack O'Kane for an undisclosed fee.
An inquest into the death of a man who was taken to a mental health unit in Caerphilly county has been told he was not allowed to leave the hospital.
Blackburn Rovers have re-signed striker Jack Taylor-Taylor-Fletcher on a season-long loan deal.
The chief scientist of the US National Institute of Standards and Technology (NISS) has called on the US government to make all data on climate change accessible.
Former Coventry Specials drummer Lemmy Bradbury has died at the age of 69.
World number one Justin Rose shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the US PGA Championship.
Former Manchester United and England midfielder Michael Cole says he is facing the challenge of trying to get a kidney for the first time.
Pakistan's telecoms authorities have lifted a ban on YouTube in the country.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Benjamin has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Wales' Chris Doull has become the first Welsh cyclist to win a gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
At least 13 people have been killed in floods in the western Indian state of Assam, officials say.
A couple have been married for the first time.
RBS has been fined $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) by Hong Kong's securities regulator for failing to control illegal trading.
It's been a busy week at the Baftas.
Andy Murray's record at Wimbledon has been broken for the second year in a row.
Police in South Africa have arrested two men they believe may have been involved in the murder of a South African rapper.
A gun has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool, police have said.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill finished third in the men's javelin at the European Para-athletics Championships.
One of the world's most successful Formula 1 teams, Manor, has collapsed.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has won the majority of seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
What do you think about the pound?
A student from Northumberland has been crowned the winner of a national fashion competition.
Plans to remove a World War Two battle memorial from a Portsmouth harbour have been approved.
A British man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Sussex have appointed former England all-rounder Michael Ashing as their new head coach.
League One side Bury have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Alex Brown on loan until the end of the season.
Cinderella is one of the most popular fairy tales in the world.
Last year, the Eurovision Song Contest was held in Kiev.
One of Liverpool's most famous punk bands, The Beatles, has been playing at the Cavern Club for more than 20 years.
South Africa's parliament has approved a proposal to raise the minimum wage to the national minimum wage.
Ethiopia's former Prime Minister Mel Meles has died at the age of 83.
Azhar Azhar became Australia's all-time leading Test wicket-taker with five wickets remaining on day two of the second Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) has won a by-election in East Lothian.
Russia says it is ready to resume air strikes on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Wales have signed Scarlets scrum-half Matt Hughes and Wales' Rhys Evans on loan until the end of the season.
US President-elect Donald Trump's administration has been accused of "destroying" relations with Russia.
The Labour Party has announced plans to scrap tuition fees in England and Wales.
The search for a pilot who died in a Shoreham Shoreham airshow crash has resumed.
The former director of the US National Security Agency (NSA) has said he does not want to discuss his conversations with President Donald Trump.
The Obamas have held a private party in New York, the White House has confirmed.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Food is a huge part of our daily lives, and many of us struggle with mental health problems.
The author of To Kill a Mockingbird has filed a police report after it was discovered she had been duped into selling the manuscript.
The US has suspended all peace talks with Syria's government, the US says.
Jamaica's Prime Minister, Abdul Fattah al-Sisi, has become the first Muslim mayor of the UK.
A children's choir has posted a video asking for a new vicar.
Manchester City striker Kevin de Bruyne has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A man has been killed in a knife attack on a train in the Swiss city of St Gallen.
A drone has been reported to have made a near-miss with a passenger plane, police have said.
A grey seal has been rescued from a beach in Dumfries and Galloway.
A collection of books by one of the world's most famous authors has been catalogued for the first time.
The Leeds General Workers' Union (GMU) has elected its new leader, Paul Roache, as its new president.
Laura Ingalls Wilder is a huge fan of the BBC's Glastonbury Festival.
Former Newcastle United striker Jonas Gutierrez says he is ready to return to the Premier League.
Exeter City have reported a pre-tax profit of £1m for the first three months of the year.
Olympic javelin champion Abdullah Hayayei has died after falling from a cage at a training centre in London.
Business confidence in Scotland has improved, according to a survey by the Scottish Chambers of Commerce.
An inquiry into allegations of human rights abuses by undercover police is to be launched by the Home Office, a judge has said.
New Zealand beat South Africa to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup for the first time.
A Grade II* listed tower in Somerset has been surveyed for the first time.
Spanish clothing chain Inditex has reported record profits for the first three months of the year.
It's the biggest Super Bowl in the history of the United States.
Victims of the Rochdale paedophile gang have said they are still not getting the support they need.
The Victoria and Albert store in London has been closed for the rest of the week after a water main burst.
A growing number of comments on the US government's proposed net neutrality rules have been posted online.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Cotton says the club needs to do more to improve its facilities.
Disney's Moana has topped the US box office for the first time.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the second round of the Australian Open with a straight-set victory over American Heather Watson.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in Londonderry.
Scientists say they have found a new way to track down bats that carry the Ebola virus.
Great Britain's Laura Bingham says she has no idea if she will be able to play at the WGC-Bridgestone Championship.
Plans to demolish part of Swansea's pier have been approved by councillors.
Campaigners have launched a legal challenge to Oxford University's plans for a new Oxford tower block.
Parents of children with special needs have written to the government saying they are "devastated" by plans to cut school funding.
Plans to protect indigenous peoples' land in Liberia and DR Congo have been criticised by a new report.
Human remains have been found on a busy dual carriageway in West Mercia.
Colombia's Andrei Dusov has been knocked out in the semi-finals of the IBF World Boxing Championships in Las Vegas.
University support staff in England have rejected a new pay offer from the University of Oxford.
Plans to close a primary school in East Dunbartonshire have been put on hold.
Stevenage striker Kazuyoshi has signed a new three-year contract with the League Two club.
At least four people have been killed in clashes between Indian and Pakistani troops in the disputed Kashmir region, officials say.
The Bank of England has said it is prepared to intervene if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
Sale Sharks scrum-half George Easter has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
The family of patients who died at a mental health unit in north Wales have called for answers.
A man who carried out a series of "brutal" assaults on two men in Londonderry has been jailed for four years.
American Olympic gold medallist Hope Solo has been ruled out of the rest of the Women's World Cup after testing positive for a banned substance.
Two men have pleaded guilty to conspiring to supply cocaine worth more than £1m.
Police Scotland has become the first UK force to carry Tasers in Scotland.
British engineering firm ID Systems has been bought by the Scottish government for an undisclosed sum.
A Brazilian footballer who died in a plane crash in Colombia last week has been flown to the Colombian capital, Medellin, where he is in intensive care.
Hugh Robinson has criticised plans to build a tunnel under Buckingham Palace in Wiltshire.
Everton reached the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time with a comfortable victory over Wolfsburg.
National League side Blackpool have parted company with defender David Bishop after just one season in the role.
A man has been charged with the murder of his wife and her partner.
The number of men diagnosed with prostate cancer in the UK is at a record high, according to a new study.
Worcester's Christian Wade scored a hat-trick as they beat Wasps to reach the semi-finals of the Pro12.
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in an attack on a museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis.
Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed a major airport in the Iraqi city of Mosul, newly released images show.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect delays as part of a major rail project.
A fracking company has been granted permission to drill for oil and gas in Powys.
Online retailer Amazon has set up a European branch in Luxembourg.
Junior doctors in England are to go on strike in a dispute over pay, a senior doctor has said.
Oxford United midfielder Jack Kenny has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
A Suffolk college has been awarded £1m in Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) grants.
The widow of former West Bromwich Albion striker Alan Astle has called for a meeting with the Football Association to discuss concussion.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at how the world's richest people are spending their money.
Sale Sharks have signed two identical twins for the 2017-18 season.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault on a woman in Calais.
Israel has rejected a plan to hold an international review of its nuclear programme.
Plans for fracking in Wales have been criticised by the Welsh government.
Tyson Fury, the world heavyweight champion who lost his world title to Wladimir Klitschko last year, has been described as "an idiot".
Ex-England captain Guy Burgess is set to be named in the England squad for the autumn internationals.
A collection of paintings by a Northumberland artist has gone on display for the first time.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan has confirmed that Scott Brown will not be in the squad for the World Cup qualifier against England.
A buzzard has been rescued after getting stuck in a fence.
Hundreds of Post Office workers are going on strike to protest against plans to close more than 1,000 branches in London.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has said he has no intention of voting for Sinn FÃ©in in the assembly election.
Drugs have been seized in the Republic of Ireland as part of a drugs investigation.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has called for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
Nottingham Forest manager Paul Bentley says the club's players need to keep their heads in the game.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has called on Qatar to clarify its stance on terrorism.
UKIP leader Jo Evans has said she will not stand in the party's leadership contest.
A taxi driver in Delhi has been charged with raping a student, police say.
When Wales reached the Euro 2016 semi-finals, there was a sense of euphoria in the air.
Rural areas in Scotland are the most deprived in the world, according to a new report.
Mark Cassells and Paul Scrimrimour have won the men's coxless sculls final at the European Championships in Rotterdam.
Bristol Rovers have signed former Kilmarnock defender David Johnston on a season-long loan deal.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin's reign as Swansea City manager ended with a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium.
Last week, the Irish Rugby Board (IRB) took a huge step forward in its anti-doping campaign.
Ed Sheeran will headline this year's Strathclyde music festival.
The US has said it will not accept North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism.
Human bones have been found during a search for a missing man.
Salford Red Devils are one of the most successful teams in the Super League.
Ireland's Ceilidh Cuccilia hit a century as they beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20.
A mental health hospital in Essex has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Britain's Chris Cavendish set a new world sprint record as he reached the semi-finals of the UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
The Department of Health and Social Care (DSP) has said it will not be able to make any further cuts to its budget.
The twin brothers of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg have filed a lawsuit against the social network.
A 16-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car.
George Pincher, one of Britain's most successful civil servants, has died at the age of 83.
Birmingham City have signed Dundee United striker Jack Stewart on a season-long loan deal.
A former soldier has been found guilty of phone-hacking at a military barracks in Nottingham.
A care home has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was found in a car.
Lancashire's electricity system has been restored after a power cut.
A High Court judge has ruled that the government's decision to block plans for a £1.5m horse farm on the outskirts of London was "inaccurate".
Plans for a new ferry to Cowdenbeath have been approved by councillors.
Lille striker Nicolas Sliti has signed a new two-year contract with the French club.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been on the International Space Station for the first time.
Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year for 2013.
A light aircraft has made an emergency landing at Prestwick Airport.
Three men have been charged with terrorism offences following the seizure of explosives in Birmingham.
The 2018 World Cup gets under way in France, Germany and Spain, with both teams hoping to qualify for the semi-finals.
Great Britain's men's basketball team will face Greece in the first round of the EuroBasket tournament.
Wales' hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup were dealt a blow as they were beaten by Australia at Twickenham.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Strauss says he is relishing the prospect of playing against England in the Six Nations.
Former CIA director Gen David Petraeus has told the BBC that the battle against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq is not over.
The Edinburgh City Council website has been hacked.
Syrian opposition groups say they have launched a major offensive against government forces in the north-eastern city of Aleppo.
Social media company Instagram has said it will invest $1bn (Â£1.5bn) in its business over the next three years.
David Bowie has been announced as the winner of this year's Mercury Prize.
A former police officer has been cleared of a series of sex offences against a prisoner.
Pembrokeshire MP Paul Cairns has called for cross-party consensus in the assembly election.
The families of victims of the Hillsborough disaster have met the Home Office to discuss whether criminal charges will be brought against police.
Trolls are to be prosecuted in England and Wales as part of a crackdown on online hate speech.
In the early hours of Sunday morning, Mohammad Faizan, a six-year-old boy, was shot dead in a village in the northern Indian state of Kashmir.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck.
Plans for a new rail franchise in Wales have been submitted to the Welsh Government.
Former BBC Scotland presenter Robbie Williams has announced his retirement.
Carlisle United manager Paul Coleman says he is "disappointed" that the League Two side has been forced to play away from their home ground.
Two Manchester United fans have been arrested after a suspicious package was found at Old Trafford.
Accrington Stanley beat Preston North End to reach the League Two play-off semi-finals for the first time.
A dog walker who was mistaken for a cat has said he is "lucky to be alive".
Scotland's Jessica Muir says she is "hopeful" she will be able to compete at next year's Commonwealth Games.
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the rest of the season because of a suspected bank fraud.
Tributes have been paid to broadcaster Sir Terry Evans, who died at the age of 83.
Workers at Scotland's Royal Navy shipyard have expressed "serious concerns" about the future of orders for new frigates.
Republican Donald Trump and Democratic rival Hillary Clinton clashed in the first round of the US presidential election.
Russia has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the second year in a row.
Lifeguards are to be deployed to a seaside beach to monitor the safety of tourists.
Swindon Town director of football Steve Osman says he would like to see former manager Ian Archibald leave the club.
Canadian police say they are investigating the arrest and deportation of six young people from the Islamic State (IS) group.
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed defender Jack Dixon on a season-long loan deal.
The NHS needs to cut the number of foreign doctors who travel to the UK to receive treatment, according to a new report.
Cardiff Devils suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Belfast Giants.
One of the world's longest-running steam locomotives, the Great Western Railway, has returned to the UK for the first time.
A former head teacher has been cleared of historical sexual abuse at a school in East Yorkshire.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has topped the North American box office for the first time.
Paralympic gold medallist Jessica Williamson says she has recovered from her crash at the World Para-athletics Championships in Rotterdam.
Men are on the verge of reaching the end of their life expectancy, according to a new study.
A former chief constable of Greater Manchester Police has resigned.
Author Stephen King is one of China's most well-known authors.
Plans for a super-high-speed water tunnel in London have been criticised by a leading academic.
Plans for a Swansea Bay tidal lagoon have been criticised by an environmental group.
Sale Sharks have signed hooker Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors for an undisclosed fee.
An aircraft from China's state-owned ChinaAir has been forced to close after a fire broke out in its engine.
A married couple living in Sussex have been given the go-ahead to leave the European Union.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Scott Fitzfelter, the former head coach of the Czech Republic, says a 16-team league would be a good idea.
President Pierre Nkurunziza of Democratic Republic of Congo has been sworn in as the new president of the Central African Republic.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's first-half strike gave Exeter City victory over Wycombe.
Australia's largest newspaper, Fairfax Media, has announced a series of cuts to its editorial staff.
Olympic-winning jockey Ryan Marququand would be a "dream horse" if he made it to the top of the jockeys' rankings, according to his trainer.
Colombia and the Farc rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks.
Blackburn Rovers and Blackburn Rovers have been charged with violent conduct.
Octopuses appear to display a "dark, aggressive" behaviour, a study suggests.
British number one Heather Robson says she is relishing the prospect of playing at Nottingham for the first time.
Human remains have been found at a burial ground in the Democratic Republic of Congo, a rights group has said.
Southampton have appointed Ronald Koeman as their new manager.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at the government's latest White Paper on housing.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bombing by Kurdish militants in northern Iraq, the Turkish military says.
A body has been found in woodland near the home of a missing teenager.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is the highest-paid player in the world, according to a new study.
Solar Impulse, the world's first solar-powered aircraft, has arrived in China for the first time.
A former police officer has been paid £10,000 by the Metropolitan Police.
Veteran US actor Ed Hermann, best known for his role in The Roosevelts, has died at the age of 83.
Michael McAuley says Northern Ireland's Women's World Cup qualifying campaign is over after a 2-1 victory over Germany.
A legal challenge to the UK government's decision to trigger Article 50 of the EU Treaty has been rejected by the High Court.
The mother of two teenagers stabbed to death in Birmingham has spoken of her "devastating" loss.
A North Korean man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for defrauding the US out of more than $1m (£770,000).
South Korea's education ministry has apologised after a student failed to correctly answer a question on a national exam.
Gloucester Rugby have held talks with the owners of their former home in Cheltenham.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn of trying to silence him.
Britain's Chris Wiggins and Mark Cavendish are among the riders taking part in the 2017 Tour de Britain.
A former chief executive of a cancer charity has pleaded not guilty to a series of fraud charges.
A Dalit woman in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh has said she was beaten to death by a gang of men dressed in traditional clothes.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has called on the US to stop military action against Kurdish rebels in Syria.
Mae'r Fainc [yr Esgobion] yn yr Esgobaeth wedi cael ei gweld adre na thu hwnt.
Japan's Nikkei 225 newspaper says it is in talks to buy shares in Japanese electronics giant Toshiba.
England captain Trevor Bayliss believes his side can beat Pakistan on day two of the second Test in Sharjah.
British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says he is "very happy" with his squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Rangers have signed former Charlton Athletic midfielder Jack Hodson on a season-long loan deal.
The remains of one of the last remaining families evicted from land in Inverness have been donated to the Scottish government.
A woman who stabbed a man to death in a "chaotic life" has been jailed for life.
The dark web is the world's most popular marketplace for illegal weapons, according to a new study.
Chris Rock has announced he is divorcing his wife.
A man who lost more than a third of his weight in two years has had surgery to remove his skin.
Two new drugs have been shown to help men with prostate cancer, say researchers.
Premier League matches will be played on the same day as the Champions League and Europa League finals, the Football Association has announced.
Children should be encouraged to practise female genital mutilation (FGM), a group of MPs has said.
A woman has been raped in a park in Inverness.
Swansea City have "no chance" of staying in the Premier League, according to former manager Paul Curtis.
The number of students who have repaid their university loans has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to new figures.
A man who pretended to be a third pilot has been arrested in Turin, Italy.
David Cameron has said he does not believe parents should be required to teach their children how to speak English.
The number of children living in poverty in Wales has reached a record high, according to a charity.
Mobile workers in the UK could be affected by changes to the way they work, the European Court of Human Rights says.
Schools in Guinea have reopened for the first time since the outbreak of the Ebola virus.
(Close): London's leading share index has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis.
The family of a woman who was murdered in County Londonderry more than 20 years ago have called for a victim information scheme to be set up.
A former Chechnya prime minister has accused the Kremlin of trying to intimidate him by posting a video of him with a sniper rifle.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal said his side's first Premier League win of the season was a "fantasy".
BrewDog has raised more than £1m in a crowdfunding campaign to expand its business in the US.
Tata Steel has agreed to make changes to its pension scheme in a bid to resolve a long-running dispute.
Keurig coffee maker Keurig has agreed to sell its coffee business to a Dutch firm for $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn).
A Glasgow university has apologised after a poster featuring Jennifer Lawrence was defaced online.
A man has been stabbed to death in a street in north London.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he is "disappointed" that his side have not been included in the British and Irish Lions squad for the 2017-18 season.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side are on the verge of breaking the club's all-time Premiership record.
Plans for a new college at the University of Nottingham have been given the go-ahead.
A children's TV show has been cancelled in the Republic of Ireland after it was criticised for not appearing in the UK.
Former Aston Villa boss Colin Calderwood has left the Championship club.
Wales fly-half Sam Roberts says he has been inspired by his role as captain of the British and Irish Lions.
England's performance in Saturday's Six Nations defeat by Scotland was the best performance of the season so far.
Great Britain's men's 4x400m relay team failed to reach the semi-finals of the World Championships in London.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus they were travelling in collided with a bus in Falkirk.
A man has died after being hit by a forklift in Kilmarnock.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Adams says she has been inspired by the work of former world champion Virgil Ward.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the key events in the history of the Middle East.
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief Martin Drumm has appeared in court in Dublin charged with fraud and money laundering.
Belgium's Lala Lala has been speaking to the BBC about her music.
Burmese President Riek Aung San Suu Kyi has been in power for more than a decade.
It's been a long time since I've had any kind of contact with Ivan Ivanovic.
Thousands of young people in Scotland have voted in favour of lowering the age at which people can vote.
Sebastian Vettel has been confirmed as the new world champion of Formula 1.
Smoking may be linked to schizophrenia, a study suggests.
A man and a woman have been rescued from a beach in Aviemore.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said he is "surprised" by the Church's decision to allow terminally ill people to die.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has been sacked by the club, says former England striker Gary Lineker.
Dozens of people have been rescued from a collapsed building in the southern Indian city of Savitri, officials say.
Dundee United have signed midfielder Harry Lewis from Kilmarnock for an undisclosed fee.
Ronny O'Connor's second-half equaliser was enough to give Celtic victory over Aberdeen at Hampden Park.
When Alexander Litvinenko was found dead in a London hotel, his family said he had been poisoned.
A health board has been fined £154,054 for failing to properly fund a charity's fundraising challenge.
A 78-year-old woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a tractor he was driving was seized during a night shift.
A man has appeared in court accused of trying to cover up the Grenfell Tower fire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and columnist Adaobi Nwaubani looks at some of the key events taking place this year.
A man who defrauded a council out of more than £10,000 has been ordered to rebuild his home.
The first trams have arrived at Nottingham's Toton tram station.
Two vans have been stolen as part of a scheme to renovate a children's home.
Oil giant Tullow Oil has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
Mobile phone operators EE and Vodafone have been ranked as the best in the UK for mobile phone speed tests.
A man who drove a rollercoaster through Dumfries and Galloway has been banned from driving for three years.
A block of flats in the Brazilian capital, Rio de Janeiro, has been demolished.
One of the UK's oldest nuclear reactors is set to be allowed to continue operating for 8% of its age.
A hunter who killed a lion in Zimbabwe has said it is not right to hunt animals for sport.
The Lagavulin 200 Legacy whisky has been launched on Islay.
An artist who died after taking drugs with his partner has been described as a "Jekyll and Hyde" by a coroner.
Nigeria's Coco Okogu has become the first female rowing athlete to win gold at the Rio Olympics.
A flight from London to Edinburgh has been forced to make an emergency landing due to an engine problem.
A minute's silence has been observed to remember the victims of the Manchester Arena terror attack.
The Department for Education has spent more than £1m to convert more schools into academies in England, a report has found.
Russell Knox, the world's most successful golfer, has arrived at the Scottish Open for the first time.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Charlene Watts has called for police to release CCTV footage of her body.
The president of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), Thomas Bach, has been questioned by police in Brazil.
Joyce Hilda Nanda has been sworn in as Malawi's first female president.
League One side Charlton Athletic and Championship side Forest Green Rovers have been drawn in the first round of the EFL Cup.
Two brothers have been arrested on suspicion of stealing a baby pygmy monkey from a Sydney zoo.
Mumsums, one of the UK's most successful recruitment agencies, has been criticised by MPs.
A senior Muslim cleric has called for a "peaceful" response to the Westminster terror attack.
Charlotte Price has announced she has given birth to her first child.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the deaths of two people by dangerous driving.
A transgender woman has had her gender identity surgery for the first time.
Astronomers have discovered a new planet in the Solar System.
A huge security camp has been set up in Newport ahead of the Nato summit in June.
The mother of Princess Middleton has said she is "devastated" after being offered a £10,000 reward for information about her private life.
The Metropolitan Police has said it is investigating reports of racist abuse in the UK following the EU referendum.
Ospreys have signed former Ospreys scrum-half Rob McCusker on a two-year deal.
French police say they are investigating a gang of gunmen who seized a luxury car belonging to a Saudi prince.
The idea of a female referee at the Olympics is a dream come true.
Communications between the islands of Shetland and Orkney have been restored following a power cut.
A Catholic school in Jersey has said it is "deeply concerned" about the cost of its prom.
Mohamed, a Syrian refugee from Syria, has been living in Turkey for more than two years.
Peter Porter has stepped down as head coach of League Two side Dagenham & Redbridge at the end of the season.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has been accused of drinking too much alcohol during a speech at the US Congress.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has resigned.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of "bullying and intimidation" in the run-up to the general election.
A taxi driver has been arrested on suspicion of trying to kidnap two teenage girls.
A food truck for ex-offenders has opened in Glasgow.
A man who raped and sexually assaulted a woman in the Netherlands has been named in a new report.
Police in the US city of Dallas have fired tear gas to disperse anti-police protesters at the city's police headquarters.
A man who groomed a 13-year-old boy online has been jailed for five years.
Samantha has arrived at the International Space Station for the first time.
A councillor has been threatened with legal action over the removal of trees in Sheffield.
Team Sky chief executive Dave Thomas has said he supports Dave Brailsford.
Snapchat has unveiled a new version of its augmented reality glasses.
Guinea's national football team has arrived in the capital, Libreville, for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Prime Minister David Cameron has backed plans to expand grammar schools in Kent.
Marko Arnautovic's second-half equaliser gave Bristol City victory over Watford.
Staff at a Kent prison have been allowed to return to work after a row broke out.
England captain Alastair Cook has praised coach Peter Moores for helping him improve his game.
Cambridgeshire manager Paul McCann says he has no doubt his side will reach the League Two play-offs.
Plans for a housing development in Maidstone have been given the go-ahead.
A section of a railway line which collapsed last year could be closed for up to three months, it has been warned.
A Metropolitan Police officer has been cleared of a "gross misconduct" charge after an officer found a monkey on his desk.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he will kill journalists if they criticise him.
A man has died after being attacked by a shark on a beach in Western Australia.
A kayaker has been airlifted to hospital after falling into a river in Conwy county.
Botswana is one of Africa's poorest countries.
A three-year-old girl who died after being abused by her mother has been described as a "monster" by a court.
Kilmarnock manager Niall Pinnock says his side's performance in Saturday's 1-1 draw with St Johnstone was a "massive step forward".
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death has been found guilty of her murder.
Two men who rescued a man trapped in a crushed car have said they are "devastated" to be alive.
More than 1,000 police officers are to be trained in London, the Metropolitan Police's chief constable Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said.
Italy's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial reform of the country's electoral system.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by the election of Donald Trump as US president.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a four-year-old boy by careless driving.
Olympic champion Helen Peacock and Paralympic gold medallist Jessica Whitehead have been named in the British team for the 2016 London Athletics Championships.
A man in Afghanistan has told the BBC that he has been raped by his wife for more than 20 years.
A man who tried to break into his ex-girlfriend's home has been jailed for three years.
Worcestershire all-rounder Marcus Trott hit his first first-class century of the season on day one of their County Championship match against Warwickshire.
Sean Rydell's second-half equaliser gave Yeovil Town victory at Newport County.
Gareth Grealish scored a hat-trick as England beat Paraguay to reach the quarter-finals of the World Cup.
Labour MP Kirsty Thornberry has apologised after tweeting a picture of her in Rochester.
The R&B trio The Carpenters have filed a lawsuit against Universal Music over royalties they received from digital downloads.
A delegation of Scottish companies has arrived in the North Sea to discuss opportunities for the oil and gas industry.
In the Dominican Republic, thousands of Haitians have been living in a makeshift refugee camp for the past five years.
Plans for a new primary school in Surrey have been approved.
Championship side Portsmouth have signed midfielder Daniel Lziangzi on a season-long loan.
Sinn Féin fly-half Conor Bowe and scrum-half Joe Bowe have been ruled out of Ulster's Six Nations opener against Zebre on Saturday.
Councillors in Brecon Beacons have voted in favour of allowing a pub to be converted into a convenience store.
Bolton Wanderers suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Raith Rovers.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will continue to accept refugees from the Middle East.
Scotland should ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops, the Scottish government has said.
A Muslim school has been criticised for refusing to allow a four-year-old girl to wear headscarves in the classroom.
A Dundee man has been found guilty of fraudulently claiming more than £10,000 in benefits.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his great-grandfather.
UK economic growth slowed in the first half of the year, according to official figures.
As the Women's Super League season draws to a close, there are plenty of reasons to celebrate.
Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said he is "disappointed" that Nigel Hamilton has not been elected as the party's new leader.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says his side's victory over Chelsea was a "massive achievement".
People living in care homes in Wales are being asked to share their concerns about the quality of care they receive.
Peter Evans has been appointed as the new head of the Welsh Government.
Mae gwrthwynebwyr yn cael eu gorau amserlen y DU i adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd.
An international team of scientists is to investigate the possibility of yeti-like human remains in the Himalayas.
Wales striker Diafra Sakho has been cleared of doping by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
The UK should be allowed to grow genetically modified (GM) crops, according to a think tank.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Israel's defence minister has said he is "deeply saddened" by criticism of his handling of the Holocaust.
A review of S4C's funding is to be carried out by the Welsh government.
Passengers travelling between Glasgow and Edinburgh are being warned to expect disruption as part of a major engineering project.
Swansea City are in talks with the owner of the Premier League club, Sheikh Hashem al-Ahmed.
The results of the GCSEs in England and Wales have been published for the first time this year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has held a series of meetings in Washington to discuss the outlook for the global economy.
Texas Governor Rick Perry has been dropped from the Republican race for the party's presidential nomination.
Leicester Tigers have signed scrum-half Elliot Genge on loan until the end of the season.
The director general of the Department for Transport (DfT) has said he has no plans to cut the number of jobs at the DVLA.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says a change in the way wickets are bowled has been made.
Facebook is planning to build a new headquarters in Menlo Park, California.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of baby Bailey.
Championship side Walsall have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Matt Smith on a two-year deal.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a Notting Hill Carnival.
It has been a year since the Olympic Games began in London.
For decades, the Middle East has been a battleground.
Celtic striker Scott Roberts says he has a belief in the club's ability to win trophies.
Premier League clubs paid more in agents' fees in 2016-17 than they did in 2015-16, official figures show.
League Two side Colchester United have signed striker Alex Gilmartin on a season-long loan deal.
Dennis Dingledine, the founder of the Tor Project, has been accused of being an enabler of the so-called dark web.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife at their home in Hertfordshire.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan described his side's Euro 2016 qualifier defeat by Malta as a "crisis".
Bury extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to five points with victory over Coventry.
The Australian government says it has stopped the deportation of Vietnamese asylum seekers to Vietnam.
Vincenzo Marquez won the South African MotoGP title for the second year in a row with victory in the final race of the season.
Olympic silver medallist Helen Glover says she is ready to return to the women's coxswimming team at the World Championships.
Former Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has said he is "disappointed" that the Conservatives have lost control of the House of Commons.
China's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in July, according to official figures.
In our series of letters from technology journalists, Microsoft looks at some of the big trends in the world of technology.
The result of the general election in Wales has been announced.
Championship side Mansfield Town have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Alex Tshibola on loan until the end of the season.
Votes have been counted in the Merseyside by-election.
A giant billboard has been erected in Bangor, County Down, in a bid to raise awareness of cancer.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride parade in London.
One of the UK's largest aircraft manufacturers, Leonardo, has announced it is to close a factory in Somerset.
A man has appeared in court charged with assaulting a woman in a car in west Belfast.
An island in the Outer Hebrides has been formally recognised as the territory of the UK, according to newly-released documents.
A former Liverpool mayor has been awarded a knighthood for his contribution to the city.
League Two side Alfreton Town have signed striker Jack Mooney on loan until the end of the season.
Plans to increase the use of bioenergy crops have been unveiled by the UK government.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has cut its forecast for the UK's next government.
Former BBC Watchdog presenter Sarah Raworth has signed a new two-year deal with the BBC.
The president of the Liberian Football Association (LFA) has been barred from taking part in the country's presidential election.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a 16-year-old girl who was found naked on her bed.
The BBC spends more than £1bn a year in the UK, according to a new report.
Mark Williams beat Ding Junhui to reach the World Championship quarter-finals for the first time.
The US says it has welcomed Bahrain's decision to lift visa restrictions on its citizens.
A ticket for the Beatles' first ever concert has been sold for more than £1,000.
The care system for care leavers in England and Wales is failing, a group of MPs has said.
Schools should be allowed to define fundamental British values, a head teacher has said.
A body has been found at a house in Pembrokeshire.
Benedict Cumberbatch has been criticised for using the word "black" in his latest film, Selma.
The Law Commission has called for changes to the way vulnerable people are referred to care homes.
Margaret Thatcher was the first Conservative prime minister to change the way people bought and sold their homes.
Oil giant BP has discovered a large oil well in the North Sea.
Red Bull's Formula 1 team will continue to use Ferrari engines until the end of the season, the team has confirmed.
Passengers stranded on a cruise ship that was badly damaged in a fire have returned to their homes.
London Irish beat Harlequins to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Residents of Guernsey have been asked to submit their views to the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry.
The name of a Scottish village has been given to the film The Hunger Games.
James Trescothick and James Trego shared the first-class batting partnership of the season as Somerset beat Middlesex by eight wickets in the first one-day international at Taunton.
Birmingham's head teachers have been accused of being involved in a "Trojan Horse" plot to destabilise schools, a report has found.
Venezuela's lower house of parliament has been shut down for more than two hours because of a lack of electricity.
Vietnam's first female doctor, Nguyen Phu Tran, has told the BBC that the practice of handing out cash-filled envelopes to patients to pay for treatment has become a widespread practice.
Argentina has been accused of illegally drilling for oil in the Falkland Islands.
Two former Saracens scrum-half brothers have died at the age of 16.
The oldest woman in the world has died at the age of 112.
Scarlets head coach Paul Owens believes his side can beat Racing 92 in the Champions Cup.
Wakefield Vikings beat Widnes Vikings to move to within three points of the Super League play-offs.
A female kickboxing champion has said she is "disappointed" she has not been allowed to compete at the Rio Olympics.
Maria Sharapova continued her remarkable start to the year with victory at the Stuttgart Open.
Former world number one Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Aegon Championships in London.
Kilmarnock manager Derek Houston says he would like to add more attacking options to his squad.
French President Francois Hollande has said he is "very concerned" by the result of the country's vote to leave the European Union.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said the UK's immigration policy is "in tatters".
UK Prime Minister Theresa May has said she will not give up the UK's nuclear deterrent if she wins the general election.
Councils in England and Wales are to get more funding for weekly black bin collections, the government has announced.
Archaeologists say they have found evidence of the construction of geoglyphs in the Amazon rainforest.
Catalans Dragons head coach Paul Walsh scored a hat-trick as his side beat Catalans Dragons to reach the second round of the Super League.
Sir Christopher Lee has released a new album of songs inspired by the Lord of the Rings films.
Cardiff City have sacked manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce says he will not repeat the mistakes of his first season as manager.
The Cleveland Police and Crime Commissioner (CPC) has been re-elected.
The Queen has been spotted at a Scottish hotel where she is believed to have been a member of the royal family.
A 12-year-old boy who was killed in the Hillsborough inquests has been named by his family.
A US Marine has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering a Filipino woman he met on a trip to the Philippines.
Former world number one Andy Fleming says he is "disappointed" that no-one has been caught up in match-fixing.
The US military is considering whether to allow transgender female soldier Chelsea Manning to serve in the US military.
David Cameron is set to sack David Cameron over his handling of the Budget, the shadow chancellor has said.
British number one Heather Watson has withdrawn from the first round of the Aegon International in South Korea.
Growing up in South Korea, it was a dream come true.
Mercedes dominated the first practice session of the Formula 1 season at Spa-Francorchamps.
St Johnstone have signed midfielder Kyle McClean on a two-year deal.
The world's biggest film studio, Disney, has been buying children's toys for more than £1bn.
The number of students applying for university places has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Millions of tonnes of phosphorus will be wasted on grassland by 2050, according to a new study.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has called on foreign investors to stop buying Canadian homes.
A six-year-old boy has had his liver transplanted in Birmingham.
A woman has been jailed for five years for trying to buy a bone marrow for a terminally ill girl.
A former police officer has been jailed for three years for child sex offences.
ScotRail has reached a deal with the RMT union to resolve a long-running dispute over pay.
A humpback whale has been spotted in the middle of the Forth estuary.
Panthers moved to within three points of the Elite League play-off places with victory over Devils.
Actress Helen Williams has apologised to her mother for her role in the 1984 Miss America pageant.
The final bids have been submitted for the sale of two Royal Navy warships which are due to be decommissioned.
A Scottish energy company has asked the Scottish government for permission to build a new interconnector between the Western Isles and the Shetland Islands.
Sweden's former ambassador to Mali, Gustaf Gustafsson, has been freed.
Blackburn Rovers moved to within four points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Wigan Athletic.
Children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to be in hospital than those with type 2 diabetes, a study has found.
Nottingham Forest maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Nottingham Forest.
The father of a Venezuelan man shot dead by police in Caracas on Friday has said he wants to speak to President Nicolás Maduro.
A former member of the Provisional IRA has said he is "disappointed" Boston College has refused to hand over his former paramilitaries' recordings.
A tortoise has been stolen from a shop in Lancashire.
A bird flu outbreak has been confirmed at a poultry farm in Lincolnshire, the Department for Agriculture (Defra) has said.
Cameroon's refugee agency says it has received reports of forced return to the north-eastern state of Borno.
A woman who died after falling from a swimming pool in Essex has won a High Court ruling against the county council.
Ghana international striker Saido Carayol says he is ready to play for the Gambia.
Burundi's presidential and parliamentary elections have been postponed, the electoral commission has said.
Millions of savers are struggling to make ends meet because of low interest rates, a BBC investigation has found.
The Forth Bridge in Scotland has been awarded World Heritage status.
Sinn Féin chairman Gordon Strachan has told the Scottish Football Association (SFA) that he has no intention of resigning.
Plans to plant jatropha trees in the Arabian Desert have been approved by German scientists.
Scottish voters are being urged to vote for the SNP in the general election.
The widow of Burkina Faso's former President Pierre Nkurunziza has asked the French government for information about his assassination.
Dozens of people have been rescued after a bridge collapsed in the southern Indian state of Goa.
London has the highest number of traffic jams in the world, according to a new study.
A Falkirk man has been jailed for three years for using a mobile phone to record images of women and children in public places.
Police in Mexico say they have arrested more than 100 people suspected of being held captive in their homes.
Hamilton Academical manager Paul Wright says he will not face disciplinary action for his side's 2-2 draw with Dundee United on Saturday.
The winners of this year's Grammy Awards have been announced.
Celebrations are under way across the UK to mark the Muslim holy month of Eid al-Fitr.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following the death of a teenager.
A woman who died after being sexually assaulted in a female prison was told to move to a male prison, an inquest has heard.
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland has continued to rise, according to a new report.
A six-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being crushed by a trailer at a farm.
Great Britain's Davis Cup hopes are over after Andy Murray reached the semi-finals for the first time with a 6-1 6-2 win over France's Nicolas Mahut.
Anthony Joshua says his preparation for his world heavyweight title fight with Wladimir Klitschko has been "tough".
Pope Francis has led a service at the Colosseum in Rome to commemorate the crucifixion of Christians.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered the trial of a man accused of the Aurora cinema shooting to be held on Tuesday.
A huge swarm of locusts has killed more than 1,000 birds of prey in Bolivia, officials say.
Former Wales captain Gareth Edwards has been awarded the Queen's Birthday Honours.
Stuart Forrest's injury-time equaliser gave Scotland a 1-1 draw against England at Hampden Park.
Antarctic penguins have adapted to the changing sea environment, according to a new study.
A polar bear cub has been born at a Scottish zoo for the first time.
McGuinness has been confirmed as the new team-mate for this year's Indianapolis 500.
South Africa's Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to life in prison for shooting his girlfriend to death.
A minke whale has been spotted in Belfast Bay for the first time.
A Texas police officer accused of using a stun gun on a black woman has been cleared by a Texas grand jury.
Fleetwood came from behind to beat Shrewsbury and reach the League Two play-offs.
Louis and Harry have broken the world record for the most retweeted selfie.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has upheld the conviction of a German-born activist for running a secret prison in Chile.
The new Gower MP has been asked to use her surname to describe her predecessor Craig.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, we look at some of the key moments in the US presidential election campaign.
A pub has been named the UK's best-loved pub.
The Mexican state of Veracruz has launched a criminal investigation into alleged drug fraud.
Scientists at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) say they have found a new type of supermassive black hole.
Gloucester City Football Club chairman Paul Hughes says the club will not return to Cheltenham until the end of the season.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a Royal Marine who died after completing a marathon.
A 19-year-old man has spoken of how he was sexually assaulted by two men he met online.
An Afghan man has been killed in an air strike by so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria, the US military says.
Eddie Redmayne has won the best actor award at this year's Academy Awards.
League Two side Plymouth Argyle have confirmed that midfielder Alex Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Chelsea midfielder Lucas Cipriani has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
An endangered dolphin has been attacked by tourists who tried to touch it.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked at a house in Londonderry.
A doctor in Cairngorms, County Antrim, has launched a challenge to encourage people to climb a mountain.
As a wheelchair-bound woman in India, Polina Wewewewl says she has never seen a Miss Wheelchair India pageant in her life.
Power has been restored to parts of Northern Ireland following a power cut.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found stabbed to death in central London.
Plans for a new cycle route in central London have been given the go-ahead.
The number of midwives in Wales is at an all-time high, according to a new report.
The former head of the UK's counter-terrorism unit, the Victoria Derbyshire, has said the 2003 invasion of Iraq was a "mistake".
Three-time Champion Hurdle winner Clouds has been withdrawn from the running of the National at Cheltenham.
Teachers in Northern Ireland have been accused of being "shocked and disappointed" by a union leader's letter.
A record number of animals have been counted at the London Zoo.
More than 1,000 people were arrested at UK airports last year, figures obtained by Panorama show.
A 13-year-old boy has been found dead in a cellar in Germany, police say.
The Green Party has promised to hold a second referendum on the UK's Brexit deal, party leader Caroline Lucas has said.
Staff at a Lincolnshire mental health trust have improved, a watchdog has said.
Two gay Bangladeshi men have been shot dead in the capital, Dhaka, police say.
Jockey Michael O'Leary has paid tribute to Jack the Ripper, who won the Irish Grand National at Punchestown last year.
The first batch of a vaccine for the Ebola virus has arrived in Monrovia.
Police searching for a 19-year-old man who went missing from his home in Inverness have found no sign of him.
Actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for playing Twiggy in Coronation Street, has died.
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer has doubled in the past five years, according to a charity.
The search for a Scottish botanist who went missing in Hanoi for more than a year has been halted.
The price of petrol and diesel has risen by more than a third in the past year, the Royal College of Chartered Surveyors (RCS) has said.
Students at Oxford University have written to residents complaining about their behaviour.
It's been a busy year for the US theatre industry, with a number of new productions celebrating the 100th anniversary of the death of Robert Miller.
Visitors to a Wrexham hospital have been told to stay away from norovirus (Norovirus).
A man has appeared in court charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
The French ferry firm SeaFrance has been forced to liquidate by a court in Paris.
Thousands of Jordanians have marched through the capital, Amman, in support of King Abdullah II.
The mother of murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler has said she did not know her son had confessed to the murder.
Israel's parliament has voted to decriminalise the sale and possession of cannabis.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Derek McInnes has done a "phenomenal job", according to former Rangers defender Mark Thompson.
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku says he wants to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
Tunisian President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 83.
A recording of Led Zeppelin's first full-length album has been made available online.
The history of the Welsh has changed dramatically since the end of the 13th Century.
A woman with a razor blade has been attacked at a prison in County Londonderry.
Online shoppers are expected to receive more than £1m in returns in the first three months of the year, a survey suggests.
Northern Ireland's health minister has said it is time for a radical shake-up of the health system.
A 13-year-old girl who was seriously injured in a crash with a coach has returned to school.
Motherwell came from behind to beat Motherwell in the Scottish Premiership for the first time this season.
Derek Daly says he would love to play for Dundee United.
Derby County moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Ipswich.
The price of oil has risen to a record high for the first time in more than three years.
A Chinese man has broken the world record for the fastest lap of the Fast and Furious franchise, state media report.
More than half of councils in England will not be able to replace homes sold through Right to Buy, the charity Shelter has said.
Russia's lower house of parliament has approved a bill banning the ownership of state-owned media.
Plans to demolish a fire station in Coventry have been given the go-ahead.
A woman and her two children have been taken to hospital after a car they were travelling in was stolen in west Belfast.
Portsmouth have agreed a new deal to sign Eastleigh midfielder Jack Tubbs.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has announced plans to increase the number of migrants taking part in the EU's refugee crisis.
The father and son of the founder of Northampton Town, David Cardoza, have been accused of stealing more than £1m from the club.
Chechnya's President Vladimir Putin has become the latest leader to lash out at opposition politicians.
Haiti's opposition leader, Guy Philippe, has appeared in court to plead not guilty to drug trafficking charges.
More than 1,000 new jobs are being created in a bid to increase the number of nurses in the West Midlands.
Six people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a block of flats in the central Indian city of Mumbai.
Paris St-Germain striker Karim Benzema has been charged with possession of a sex tape.
League Two side Hamilton Academical have signed midfielder Jack Chow on a season-long loan deal.
Aston Villa have appointed former Aston Villa chief executive Tom Fox as their new chief executive.
Lancashire maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship with a five-wicket victory over Derbyshire at Headingley.
More than 1,000 people are taking part in the annual Ex Exeter Swimming Festival, a charity has said.
Three Chinese athletes have been stripped of their Olympic medals after being found guilty of doping.
The number of vacant shops in Scotland's most deprived towns has fallen to its lowest level for three years, a study has found.
The European Union has warned that the UK will not be able to "punish" other countries if it leaves the European Union.
Greece's debt crisis has led to a sharp fall in the share price of the country's main currency, the FTSE 100.
German airline Lufthansa has suspended all flights to and from Germany after pilots went on strike in a dispute over pay.
The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have been found guilty of dumping sewage into a lake.
Chancellor George Osborne has been criticised by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Manchester United have extended the loan spell of one of their top players until the end of the season.
As the British and Irish Lions prepare for their first tour of New Zealand, it's easy to forget how much work it takes to become a full-time player.
Education Secretary Jeremy Hunt has called for a radical rethink of the GCSE exam system.
A number of jobs have been lost at Caterpillar's Northern Ireland operations, the company has confirmed.
The UK needs to reach the world's fastest broadband speeds by 2020, according to a think tank.
A sculpture believed to be a human being has been found in a river.
A Romanian man has been jailed for three years for trying to meet a teenage girl online.
Solihull Moors were held to a goalless draw by Bromley in the National League.
US President Barack Obama has called on countries to help refugees fleeing war-torn Syria.
Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has said he has no plans to stand again in the general election.
Human remains have been found at a former meeting hall in Brighton.
Mae Llywod Cymru wedi cael ei ddydd wedi gael yng Nghymru.
More than 1,000 properties in York have been affected by flooding, the city's mayor has said.
A woman who was crushed to death by a minibus in Leeds has spoken of her relief at being able to attend a charity event.
Human rights activists in Cuba say they have been detained by the Cuban government for refusing to leave the country.
The number of new cars sold in Scotland has reached a new all-time high, according to new figures.
Police in Edinburgh are investigating a series of scams targeting tourists in the city.
The European Parliament has said it has no plans to withdraw from the controversial trade deal, known as the CETA.
Hundreds of people have been celebrating the centenary of the Battle of Trafalgar Square.
An 81-year-old man who suffered a cardiac arrest has been flown to hospital after being saved by a paramedic.
Great Britain's women's rowing team won gold in the women's quadruple sculls at the European Championships in Italy.
Children's charity Kids Company has denied allegations of sexual abuse at its London site.
A dog has been praised for his "love of treats" after a vet found he was too cold to eat them.
Jack Evans' first-half equaliser gave Bradford City victory over Bradford City.
South Africa's first black mayor has said she will stop buying luxury cars in the capital, Tshwane.
The Unite union has said it has reached a "positive agreement" with the owners of Bernard's in Northamptonshire.
A man has been injured in a bomb explosion at China's Tianjin airport, state media report.
A tanker has collided with a lorry on a dual carriageway in Cardiff.
When a Belgian footballer was banned from football for five years, he thought he had become a "freedom fighter".
Plans for an emergency centre in Dumfries and Galloway have been given the go-ahead.
Legoland theme park in Windsor has been closed for the rest of the year because of traffic problems.
A care home has been found to be "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Teenage actor Connor McConnor has revealed he is gay.
A 12-year-old girl has written a letter to her mother after being burgled in her home.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a knife was thrown at him.
Manchester United striker Didier Drogba has signed a new two-year contract with the Phoenix Suns.
Cesc Fabregas has signed a new four-and-a-half-year contract with Barcelona.
A 19-year-old man has been rescued after falling from a balcony in New Zealand.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill will retire at the end of the season, according to her coach Paul Minichiello.
Wolves striker Ryan Miller scored twice as Wolves came from behind to beat Burton Albion at Bramall Lane.
A mother and her three-year-old daughter have been threatened with a knife during a robbery in Greater Manchester.
The number of visitors to the Borders has risen to its highest level since the financial crisis, according to new figures.
Bhutan is one of the world's smallest countries, with a population of about 1.5 million.
Motherwell have appointed former Motherwell manager Shelley Kerr as their new head coach.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in more than a decade.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest against plans to close a Flintshire hospital.
Stoke City have signed Cameroon midfielder Eric Choupo-Mpo-Tsepo-Chomppo-po-eng from Bundesliga side Werder Bremen for an undisclosed fee.
Blackpool manager Colin Connolly's first game in charge of the League Two club ended in defeat at Crawley.
Plaid Cymru has voted in favour of a devolution bill which would give more powers to the Welsh Assembly.
In our series of letters from Egyptian journalists, Egyptian writer and activist Amr Gharbeia looks at how the internet has changed over the past five years.
The SNP has won a by-election in Ayrshire.
A court in Italy has overturned the convictions of four scientists who were found guilty of causing earthquakes.
Antibiotic supplements have been shown to be able to boost the immune system, a study suggests.
Children and young people in care in Northern Ireland are at risk of being sexually exploited, a new report has found.
Two of South Korea's best-selling horror films, Trainwreck and Trainwreck, have been released in the US.
Omar Olomombe has been detained by police in the Democratic Republic of Congo for allegedly assaulting a group of dancers.
Three men have been reported missing from a prison in Somerset.
Brendan Rodgers has been appointed as Celtic manager for the first time.
Pop star Kanye West has said he would like to work with a furniture company.
The British Airways (BAA) has apologised to passengers who were affected by a computer fault at Edinburgh Airport.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with possession of a controlled substance with intent to supply.
The Burmese government has called for a UN-backed inquiry into the violence in Rakhine state.
Victims of violent crime in Essex have more than doubled the amount of time they spent in school, according to a study.
Salford Red Devils winger Tomkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Airbus chief executive Jean-Claude Bregier has said he does not expect the UK to stay in the European Union.
A new planet has been discovered by Nasa's Kepler space telescope.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire have paid tribute to him.
Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Michael Boruc has announced his retirement from international football.
Two new buildings in China have been unveiled to help tackle the country's air pollution problem.
Great Britain's Adam Daley has failed to reach the final of the men's quadruple sculls at the Rio Olympics.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Burnley to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time.
The National Asset Management Agency (Nama) is to publish a report into its handling of the sale of its Northern Ireland property portfolio.
A Twitter account belonging to a local authority in Rochester has been hacked.
A British man who contracted Ebola in Sierra Leone has said he is "very concerned" about the spread of the disease.
The News at Ten will stay at Ten for the rest of the year, the BBC has announced.
The Rugby Football Union (RFA) says it is concerned about the rise of "short-termism" in the Premiership.
Leicester City manager Craig Shakespeare is in talks with his former boss Claudio Ranieri, according to the club's director of football, Steve Keown.
A mental health trust has been criticised for failing to investigate the death of a carer.
Sony has announced that it will stop producing vinyl records for the first time.
A polar bear cub born at a wildlife park in Scotland is due to be born in April, the animal society has said.
Sun exposure is the best way to protect against skin cancer, according to experts.
The government has announced plans to crack down on extremism in the UK.
Children with a rare muscular dystrophy are being urged to take part in a campaign to get a new treatment centre in Wales.
A bridge that was closed for more than a year after it collapsed has been given the go ahead.
Josh Burns retained his IBF featherweight title with a unanimous points victory over Mexican Jorge Beltran in Las Vegas.
Tens of thousands of people have marched through the capital, Durban, to protest against xenophobic violence.
A man has died after falling from a balcony.
A parliamentary inquiry into the UK's EU referendum campaign has been launched.
A 70-year-old man has been told he will not be able to use his pension to pay off his debts.
Archaeologists have discovered what they believe to be the oldest crannog in Wales.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Monmouthshire.
Thousands of NHS workers are being paid "unacceptably high" salaries, according to a new report.
One of the most famous battles of World War One has been fought in France.
The European Commission's chief executive has called for a permanent emergency mechanism to limit the number of EU migrants entering the UK.
A primary school teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for three years.
A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot in the head with a BB gun.
The Republican and Democratic candidates in the US presidential election have clashed in the first televised debate.
A man's body has been found in a car in a Birmingham street.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has condemned the withdrawal of Russian troops from Debaltseve in eastern Ukraine.
American rock band The Rolling Stones have reached the top of the UK album chart for the first time.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager.
Turkish military officials have been sacked following a failed coup attempt, officials say.
High-rise buildings in England and Wales have been inspected following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Mike Young, the creator of the hit children's TV series SuperTed, has returned to the big screen.
A bus carrying Palestinian pilgrims has collided with a bus in the Jordanian city of Medina, the ministry of interior has said.
A man who suffered a broken leg in a hit-and-run attack in Gateshead has said he does not want to meet him again.
World number one Dustin Johnson has pulled out of the PGA Championship in Mexico after injuring his back.
Exeter City were held to a goalless draw by Cambridge United in the National League.
The boss of Rolls-Royce has defended the company's plans to invest in research and development in Derby.
Bangladesh chief minister Abdul Fattah Khan has said the country has been hit by the recent spate of terror attacks in the country.
A new strain of bird flu has been discovered in the body of a bird.
A plane has been forced to make an emergency landing after it was struck by lightning.
An ancient fossil from China has been reconstructed as part of a new study of the nervous system of animals.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a newborn baby.
Plans to close a stretch of the Stonehenge road in Shrewsbury have been criticised by campaigners.
The oldest Sikh man in the world, Kartari Chand, has been married for 86 years.
Bolton Wanderers have agreed a deal to sign Birmingham City midfielder Anthony Caddis for an undisclosed fee.
England batsman Ben Johnson says he hopes to return to his best form in the first Test against Australia.
Geraint Thomas retained his Vuelta a Espana title with victory on the final stage of the Tour de France.
Graffiti has been sprayed on the walls of a County Antrim primary school.
At least eight people have been killed in a crash involving a pick-up truck at a music festival.
A former Labour MP has called for an independent review into the party's election defeat.
Suffolk's fire service could be cut by more than half, under plans being considered by the county council.
The head of the US National Crime Agency (NCA) has said it would be "disappointing" if Apple and Google made it easier for police to access personal data.
US Defence Secretary Michael Schmidt has warned against the use of drones in the fight against terrorism.
Northern Ireland has overtaken England as the world's best performing school in maths, according to a new study.
Jordan Spieth shot a four-under-par 65 to take a three-shot lead into the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
MPs are debating whether the UK should carry out air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
Two care workers have been jailed for two years for causing the death of a 92-year-old woman at a care home in Birmingham.
The number of babies born with a drug addiction in England and Wales has fallen for the first time in three years, a BBC investigation has found.
A children's game called Antony and Antony has been criticised after some of its answers were incorrect.
Security has been stepped up at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin ahead of the men's football semi-final against France.
All animals in the Arctic are sensitive to UV light, according to a new study.
Chinese film-maker Imax has filed for a listing on the Hong Kong stock exchange.
Two teenage girls who died in a road accident in Merthyr Tydfil have been named by a coroner.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a car he was driving was seized by police.
Boston Red Sox batsman Joey Gennett has become the first player in Major League Baseball history to hit a century in a game.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has resigned.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the Davis Cup for the first time with a straight-set victory over Germany's Andreas Seppi.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has arrived in Somalia's capital Mogadishu.
Former Queens Park Rangers footballer Rio Ferdinand has died at the age of 81.
A 15-year-old girl who went missing from a Devon beach has been found safe and well.
A man accused of murdering a pensioner has told a court he did not have a mental illness.
Peterborough United have sacked manager Graham Westley after just three games in charge.
The BBC has been given the go-ahead to launch a new UK-wide TV channel.
A pilot has been airlifted to hospital after suffering a head injury during a training flight.
Schools in India have been accused of eating too much meat in their textbooks.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a pedestrian who was hit by a car in Bristol.
It's one of the most exciting jobs in the world.
Dozens of Russian athletes have been found guilty of doping, the World Anti-Doping Agency has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at some of the key stories from the African media.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has been charged with corruption.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has issued a $1m (£1m) reward for information leading to the arrest of a number of wildlife criminals.
Mainland Chinese shares closed lower on Friday after a closely watched survey indicated a slowdown in the country's manufacturing sector.
Leinster have appointed Jono Gibbs as their new head coach.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on the SNP to support trade unions in Scotland.
Two climbers have been rescued after falling from a mountain in Londonderry.
Chemicals giant Syngenta has said it has been cleared to sell its controlling stake in China's ChemChina.
A man from Uzbekistan has been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the Boston Marathon bombing.
Sam Baldock scored twice as Wolverhampton Wanderers came from behind to beat Brighton and Hove Albion.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have re-signed defender Jack Pidgeley on loan until the end of the season.
UKIP's former chief executive has called on the party's former leader to become its chairman.
Celtic's summer transfer window closed at the end of the month, leaving the club with just three games to go.
Jamaica is one of the poorest countries in Latin America.
A man has been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a pub in Wiltshire.
Championship side Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Jordan Davis on a season-long loan deal.
Britain's Mark Grabar won the men's heptathlon title for the first time at the World Championships in London.
Gregor Rogic scored twice as Celtic beat Aberdeen to reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
National League side West Bromwich Albion have signed striker Jack Kettings on a season-long loan deal.
Six Guantanamo Bay detainees have gone on trial accused of carrying out the 2003 attacks on the United States.
Pop star Adele is on the shortlist for best album at this year's Grammy Awards.
Plans to build a football stadium in Cornwall have been rejected by councillors.
Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney is close to signing a new contract with the Premier League club.
Dundee United have signed former Dundee United striker Jack White on a season-long loan deal.
A World War Two Spitfire has been sold at auction for more than £1m.
Two of Scotland's biggest wind turbine companies have announced plans to expand their operations in Scotland.
A baby osprey has been born at a castle on the Isle of Wight.
A cap on the number of foreign workers allowed to work in the UK has come into effect, a Commons committee has heard.
The AA has warned of a rise in car insurance premiums as a result of rising interest rates.
When you're a footballer, it's easy to forget how much time you have left.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he wants to change the date of Easter to coincide with the start of the New Year.
Dozens of people have been killed in air strikes by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian city of Raqqa, activists say.
Jaguar Land Rovers used to be one of the most popular cars in the UK.
League Two side Stevenage have signed Stevenage defender Alex Caton on a season-long loan deal.
President Donald Trump's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries has been blocked by a US appeals court.
Tens of thousands of people have protested against plans to close libraries in West Yorkshire.
Burnley came from behind to beat Sheffield Wednesday and move up to third in the Championship.
British fast food chain Greggs has reported better-than-expected profits for the first half of the year.
Olympic champion Michael Mong won gold in the men's dressage at the European Horse Trials in London.
Plans to encourage local communities to invest in wind farms in the UK have been approved by the government.
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of three cats.
A man who drowned on a Devon beach has been named as the Prince of Wales.
In our series of letters from the Natural History Museum, we take a look back at some of the most striking images of humpback whales we've ever seen.
The Bank of England has cut its interest rate to a record low of 0.25%.
China's state media have reacted angrily to the Supreme Court ruling in favour of the Philippines in the South China Sea.
Japan's Nikkei index fell to its lowest level in more than three years on Friday, as investors continued to dig into the US economy.
England batsman Alastair Cook hit a century as the third day of the third Test against West Indies ended in a draw.
Flooding in parts of Germany and Austria has left more than 1,000 people without water, officials say.
A man has been arrested after a woman was assaulted at a fire station in Caerphilly county.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following a knife attack at a music festival.
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer and columnist Adaobi Nwaubani looks at some of the challenges facing the Nigerian cricket team.
The governor of the Bank of England has told the BBC that the UK's interest rates are at an all-time low.
Taiwan's biggest smartphone maker, Foxconn, has reported record profits for the first half of the year.
Welsh saint Winefride has been walking the streets of Holywell for more than a century.
Formula 1's world governing body, Interlagos, is preparing to open its doors to the public for the first time this weekend.
A man has been cleared of raping and sexually assaulting a student at a university.
A Japanese firm has announced it is to close a Carmarthenshire plant.
A new map of Camelot has been discovered by a University of Bangor archaeologist.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says striker Jamie Vardy is on the verge of scoring again.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of "running away with your record".
Two women have been arrested after a police officer was injured during a disturbance in Essex.
West Indies beat India by eight wickets to win the Women's World Twenty20 for the first time.
UKIP AM Paul Gill has said he does not support Paul Nuttall as leader of the party.
A block of flats is being used as a "safe haven" for aspiring reality TV stars, BBC Newsbeat has learned.
Prison officers in England and Wales have signed a new pay deal with the Prison Officers' Association (PTA).
A man has written to the National Trust asking it to help find a photographer who took a photograph of him and his wife.
Ivory Coast's government has banned the use of anti-doping creams, the country's health ministry has said.
The Liberal Democrats and the Liberal Democrats have clashed in the House of Lords over Brexit.
The number of British soldiers killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq has risen by more than 50% in the past five years, the government has said.
A hacker has hacked into the website of Norwich International Airport.
Plans for a new railway station in Lancashire have been approved.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was beaten to death with a hammer.
Ukrainian doctors say they are still waiting for the results of a cyber-attack on their electronic health records.
Sale Sharks maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a hard-fought victory over Premiership bottom side Wasps.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a bus she was travelling on crashed into a tree.
A South African man accused of murdering his ex-partner has been found not guilty of murder.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Lancashire have been approved by the government.
The head of Mexico's consumer protection agency has been sacked.
Two World War Two Spitfires have been found in Burmese soil, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
A man and a woman have been rescued from a cliff face on the Vale of Glamorgan.
The UK government has suspended a controversial process for asylum seekers to be held in detention for up to three years.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Martin McGuinness looks at the implications of the UK's new constitution.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff man has been arrested in India.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man whose body was found in woodland.
Fife-based furniture firm Havelock has announced plans to expand its operations in the UK.
BrewDog, one of the UK's largest independent craft breweries, has been struggling for more than a year.
Sterling has fallen to an all-time low against the dollar in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
A former TV star has launched a legal bid to overturn his conviction for murdering his ex-girlfriend.
The body of a British man who died fighting with so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been laid to rest.
A US appeals court has ruled that the US National Security Agency's bulk collection of phone records is lawful.
League Two side West Bromwich Albion have signed defender Matt Lindegaard on a season-long loan deal.
A dog that has been kept in a Devon kennel for more than a year has been found to be too dangerous to walk, police have said.
Former Labour leader Alistair Umunna has accused the party of "wasting the opportunity" to win the general election.
A man who died after being hit by a boat has been named by a coroner.
Iraqi Shia militant group Islamic State (IS) has sentenced five men to death for their role in last year's massacre of Shia Muslims in Tikrit.
A surf-surfing firm has been bought by a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
Spain's Sergio Garcia shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Michael Ambrose's second-half equaliser helped Colchester to a comfortable victory over fellow League One strugglers Colchester United.
A team of archaeologists has recreated wooden huts at Stonehenge as part of a project to build a new tourist attraction.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Washington DC to protest against President Donald Trump's tax returns.
Anthony Joshua's WBA and WBO heavyweight titles have been stripped by the WBO.
Mae Cymru wedi cael ei ddydd yn yn ôl ei gynnod yn cael.
England captain Dylan Hartley has been fined £1,000 by the Rugby Football Union (RFU).
The father of a North Korean student jailed for 15 years for trying to steal a propaganda sign says his son is in a coma.
The word "fight" has been used in Las Vegas for more than a decade.
A Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US agent who went on the run for more than three years.
More than 100 Jewish community centres in North America have been attacked in recent weeks, the US Jewish Community Association (JCC) has said.
It is easy to see why England's Six Nations victory over Wales was so important to them.
Chinese carmaker Baidu has announced plans to develop self-driving cars.
Rail passengers across the UK have been warned to expect a 24-hour strike as part of a dispute over pay.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape and rape of a nun at a Catholic convent in the western Indian city of Kolkata.
The Texas House of Representatives has passed a resolution calling for the use of the Lone Star flag in the state's national anthem.
The Premier League has signed a new three-year contract with NBC Universal, which will keep it at the top of the Premier League.
A water main in Staffordshire is to be replaced as part of a £1.5m project to improve water supplies.
Turkey has accused Russia of violating its airspace over Syria.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Craig Freeman says his side are in the top four of the Premiership.
Plymouth Argyle have extended the loan spell of striker Alex Posh until the end of the season.
Cyclist Joanne van der Van van denken has been fined €1,000 (£1,500) after being found with a stolen bike.
When UFC champion Conor McGregor first arrived in Manchester last year, he had no idea what he was doing.
England fly-half Sam Ford has been named in the starting XV for Saturday's Six Nations match against Australia at Twickenham.
A 16-year-old girl with a rare form of arthritis has raised more than £3,000 for a drug that could help her live longer.
Lichfield have been left out of the Women's Super League by the Rugby Football Union (RFU).
England head coach Gareth Ashworth has defended the decision to send young players to senior teams.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he wants to renegotiate trade deals with the world's biggest economies.
A police officer has been praised for helping to deliver a baby girl.
Leicester lock Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club until the end of the season, says head coach Steve Cockerill.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and gang-raped has been found guilty of a string of sexual offences.
A man has been jailed for eight years for raping and sexually abusing girls.
A number of appliances have been destroyed in a fire at a house in Londonderry.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Cambridgeshire and Suffolk.
A Mexican human rights group says it has found no evidence that the bodies of missing students were burnt at a landfill site in Guerrero state.
The UK military has sent a team to Somalia to help fight the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A six-year-old girl who was crushed by a giant inflatable rollercoaster has undergone surgery.
Abby Wambach has announced her retirement from international football.
More than half of women in the world are not breastfeeding, a study suggests.
Glasgow Warriors have signed South African scrum-half Alex Kebble on a two-year deal.
Widnes Vikings head coach Paul Betts says his side are still in good form despite their poor start to the season.
The Duke of Cambridge has denied allegations that he sexually abused a woman in the 1980s and 1990s.
Chris Pearce's second-half equaliser earned Mansfield victory over York.
Three people have been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a man in Brighton.
A Dundee man has been found guilty of having sex with a 15-year-old girl.
Blackburn Rovers have signed Borussia Monchengladbach striker Jordan Rhodes on a season-long loan deal.
New temporary classrooms have been installed at a school that was badly damaged in a fire.
Wales head coach Rob Davies says he would like to see Scarlets players playing in Wales.
Former world number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the US Open for the first time.
A man has described how he was beaten to death by a gang of men in his home in County Londonderry.
A Denbighshire leisure centre is to undergo a major revamp.
The number of child sexual exploitation (CSE) cases in West Yorkshire has more than doubled in the past year, figures show.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of smuggling illegal immigrants into the US in a trailer.
When I was a teenager, I was obsessed with food.
A collection of items from the Caribbean island of Jamaica has gone on display for the first time.
The BBC should be allowed to schedule some of its most popular programmes, the government has said.
A woman in Carmarthenshire has said she was refused a taxi because she could not walk.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has confirmed that its Philae spacecraft has reached the surface of a comet.
A police officer has been filmed singing karaoke at a Glasgow pub.
Liam Viljoen's first-class century of the season helped Nottinghamshire beat South Africa by eight wickets at Edgbaston.
Sinn Féin and the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) have called on the government to suspend the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Northamptonshire took control of the second day of their One-Day Cup match against Derbyshire at Headingley.
Police searching for a woman who went missing from her home in East Lothian have found what they believe to be her remains.
An advert featuring a character dressed as Jason Bourne has been removed from its website.
Gary Madine's first-half strike earned Sheffield United victory over Bolton Wanderers.
Tens of thousands of people have gathered in Paris to celebrate the anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The UK and Scotland have signed a deal to increase their cod stocks for the second year in a row.
A woman and her husband have been taken to hospital after a plane crashed in East Midlands.
For more than a century, the Swansea Canal has been one of Wales' most important waterways.
Ospreys scrum-half Johnny Sexton and Oisin O'Brien have been ruled out of Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland.
Landlords in England and Wales will be able to evict people who are illegally living in the UK, under government plans.
Dutch Prime Minister Peter Opstelten has resigned following the arrest of a drug trafficker.
Stuart Swanker's second-half equaliser gave Inverness Caledonian Thistle a 2-1 win over Forfar Athletic.
Plans for a housing development in Caithness have been given the go-ahead.
An outbreak of norovirus has been confirmed at a hospital in Vale of Glamorgan.
For decades, China's Communist Party has been known as the Red Guards.
Crocodiles in Australia are being forced to harvest their own eggs to feed their young.
More than 1,000 salt gritters have gone on the run for the first time in more than a year.
Technology is changing the way we think about our lives.
A former friend of the man who murdered her son, Liam, has said she will never be able to forget his tattoos.
Plans for a new wind farm in Norfolk have been given the go-ahead.
Dozens of migrants have been moved out of a makeshift migrant camp in the French port city of Calais.
UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said he is "very concerned" about Israel's actions in the Gaza Strip.
Four teenagers have been arrested in a police operation after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
Plans to merge Gwynedd and Rhondda Cynon Taff councils have been published by the Welsh government.
US cable giant Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable for $1.1bn (£1.2bn) in cash.
A former pupil of a Scottish boarding school has called for an independent inquiry into child sexual abuse.
A Russian biker group has pulled out of a planned trip to Poland in protest at the country's decision to ban it.
Hashim Amla has resigned as South Africa captain for the third Test against England.
Australia's economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
The cuckoo is one of the most important birds of prey in the world.
Force India driver Sergio Perez has signed a new two-year deal with Formula 1 team Force India.
A council has won a legal battle to stop a mother from sending her son to school.
England's Paul Donaldson is one shot off the lead at the halfway stage of the European Tour Championship in Malmo.
A campaign has been launched to raise awareness of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Wales.
A new type of thermoset plastic has been discovered.
The UK's lack of funding for tech companies is a major problem, according to the chief executive of the London-based venture capital firm Woodford.
A Scottish whisky distillery is to open in the Borders for the first time.
One of Nottinghamshire's most famous businesses has been destroyed in a fire.
The gap between men and women in terms of life expectancy has narrowed since the 1970s, according to a new study.
A Michigan college student has been charged with hazing a fellow student.
Norway's parliament has voted to change the border between Finland and Finland.
Scotland's economy is likely to grow at a slower pace than expected this year, according to a new report.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he did not want to become the next US secretary of state.
A football club has been asked to pose for a photograph with a bride and groom before her wedding.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in Birmingham on suspicion of terrorism offences.
A group of Dorset and Dorset soldiers has raised more than £10,000 for a memorial to those who died in World War One.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the leader of Myanmar's opposition party, has told the BBC that she is "disappointed" with the army's handling of the country's constitution.
A man has been found guilty of robbing a woman at knifepoint.
Black and minority police officers in England and Wales are more likely to be investigated for corruption than white officers, a union has said.
More than 1,000 gold and silver coins have been discovered in County Armagh.
A five-year-old girl who drowned on a beach in Northumberland has been named.
A cyclist has been charged with causing the death of a woman who was hit by a lorry in Thailand.
A woman has been jailed for life for murdering a man she met online.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Manchester United have announced the full squad for their pre-season tour of the United States.
Scotland's first minister Alex Salmond has said he has "no greater task than to mould the public purpose of Scotland".
Three US hospitals have been shut down after being hit by a ransomware attack.
For the first time, we're giving you the chance to tell us what you're looking forward to this year.
Former Fifa president Sepp Blatter should step down, David Cameron has said.
A Spanish restaurant has been robbed of more than 1,000 euros (£1,500; £1,000) in a stampede, its owner has said.
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has increased, according to new figures.
Lewis Ocon has signed a new two-year contract with Manor, with the option of a further year.
Staff at a mental health care centre have been described as "inadequate" by a watchdog.
It's the time of year when you're trying to communicate with your pet dog.
Three men have been found guilty of murdering a man in a suspected revenge attack.
League Two side Blackburn Rovers have been handed a three-match ban by the Football Association for misconduct.
Notts County winger Ben Jefford has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Bristol City came from behind to beat Cardiff City and reach the quarter-finals of the Championship.
Chris Voges and James Malan hit centuries to help Middlesex beat Middlesex by eight wickets in the County Championship.
A mother and her three-year-old son have called for a rethink of infant formula in a bid to save money.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the dangers of touchscreens.
A Cardiff woman who is trying to find a stem cell donor has raised more than £1,000 for a charity.
A five-year-old girl who had a double leg amputated in Bangladesh has been given a prosthetic leg.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Dundee.
A man has died after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Fife.
National League side Gateshead have re-signed former Gateshead defender Matt Smith on a two-year deal.
It's been a year since the opening of the Cheltenham and Ascot races.
A woman who died after undergoing emergency surgery at Nottingham University Hospitals should have been referred to a specialist hospital, a coroner has said.
Michael Horvath has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA).
England head coach Trevor Bayliss says he does not think one-day cricket is the most important game of his career.
Celtic manager Ian Cathro says he has no concerns about Jamie Walker's future.
Michael Wright beat Michael van Gerwen to reach the semi-finals of the World Darts Championship.
Northern Ireland's political parties are united in their opposition to the UK's withdrawal from the European Union.
Scotland striker Joe Greer says he is open to playing for other clubs in the future.
Defence is one of the most important issues in the UK's political life.
The former Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury has died at the age of 83.
The number of new homes being built in Scotland has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Conservative MP Lord Heseltine has accused Boris Johnson of making "extraordinary" comments about the EU.
Police have released CCTV images of two women they want to speak to in connection with a sexual assault in Glasgow.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against government plans to cut children's centres in Oxfordshire.
Crystal Palace extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with victory over Everton at Selhurst Park.
The National Union of Teachers (NUT) has paid out more than £1m in compensation to a teacher who broke her leg.
The US and the European Union have agreed on a major trade deal, the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP).
British and Irish Lions assistant coach Steve Borthwick has been sacked by the national team.
Germany's economy shrank by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A survivor of the Kent Air Ambulance helicopter crash has said he is "devastated" by the team's response to the tragedy.
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) should be given more powers to tackle corporate governance, the chairman of the Financial Reporting Council (FRC) has said.
A giant gorilla made out of spoons has been unveiled in a bid to raise money for charity.
French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has met Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Elysee Palace.
Labour and the Liberal Democrats have pledged to invest in apprenticeships in Wales.
Vodafone has said it has no plans to relocate its headquarters to the UK after the country voted to leave the EU.
A man who posted indecent images of children on social media has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A police officer has been fined £10,000 after he failed to identify a man in a garden in Londonderry.
Britain's Johanna Konta won her first Grand Slam title with a straight-set victory over Spain's Angelique Kerber.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he is "disappointed" that his side lost to South Africa in the World Cup quarter-finals.
Plans for a new runway at Gatwick Airport have been approved by the government.
Bolton Wanderers have signed Dutch defender Alex Pedro on a season-long loan deal.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has become one of the most powerful figures in the Conservative Party.
National League side Crewe Alexandra have signed striker Matt Lowe on loan until the end of the season.
A British tourist has been deported to Malaysia after being found guilty of indecent exposure on a mountain in the Malaysian island of Sabah.
Ethiopia is one of Africa's poorest countries.
In the Turkish town of Kobane, the family of one of the Kurdish fighters killed in a bomb attack in Syria last month has been reunited with their loved ones.
A Lincolnshire airfield has been shut after a flag was stolen during a burglary.
The sale of Northampton Town to a businessman has been approved by Northampton Borough Council.
Shares in two Hong Kong-listed solar-panel companies have fallen more than 20% after the Hong Kong stock market suspended trading.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed a new chief whip to his shadow cabinet.
It's been a year since the Premier League became the first in the world to pay the average Premier League ticket price.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja has been banned from taking selfies with lions.
A prisoner who was found dead in his cell has been named by police.
There has been a record number of black and minority characters on TV, according to a new report.
Nick Clegg has accused Education Secretary Michael Gove of using "ludicrous language" in a row over funding for free schools.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in the Tower Hamlets mayoral election.
The Copper Box in London's Olympic Stadium is one of the world's most famous venues for handball.
Salford Red Devils full-back Sam Chase says he is ready to return to rugby league.
Olympic gold medallist Wayne Rooney says he hopes to compete at next month's Diamond League Anniversary Games in London.
Coffee consumption in the UK and Italy may be linked to the drive to drink more, a study suggests.
Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej has become the undisputed heir to the throne.
A DUP MP has said he has no intention of standing for the party's leadership.
The One Show presenter Jessica Jones has spoken of her delight at being able to speak Welsh for the first time.
A senior member of the Church of Ireland has said he does not believe same-sex marriage should be legal in Northern Ireland.
A man has been found dead at a house in Hertfordshire.
A Chinese company has been fined $1m (Â£1m) for illegally coating a nuclear power plant in Pakistan.
A new Ghostbusters movie is expected to be released next year, according to reports.
Work is under way to improve rail services between Bristol and London.
Thousands of people have taken part in a pro-independence rally in the Spanish region of Catalonia.
Prince Harry has visited a children's orphanage in a bid to raise money for a charity that helps children with Aids.
Taxi drivers in Singapore will no longer be allowed to charge for taxis, the city's transport authority has announced.
Chris Woakes and James Anderson have been named as England's opening batsmen for the first Test against South Africa in Durban.
A dog who was shot in the head by a police officer has been reunited with his handler.
A woman has died following a fire at a house in Aberdeenshire.
Police in the US city of Chicago have opened fire on a protest camp where four men have been shot dead.
The leader of Lesotho's opposition party has said he will not be killed in a military coup.
Armed intruders have broken into the office of a Plaid Cymru AM.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a walk through the Lake District to raise money for new power pylons.
Vietnam is celebrating the 70th anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War.
A curfew has been lifted in the US city of Baltimore following the death of a black man.
Dundee United have signed former Aberdeen and Hamilton Academical midfielder Jack Quinn on loan until the end of the season.
Birmingham City ended Nottingham Forest's unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory.
Lancashire all-rounder Alviro Petersen hit his first first-class century of the season as his side beat Nottinghamshire by eight wickets at Lord's.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Friday after a series of emails were released by the Trump campaign.
David Cameron has said leaving the European Union would be a "disaster" for the UK economy.
As the UK prepares to mark the 100th anniversary of the London 2012 Olympics, BBC Sport looks at some of the key events that have shaped the country's sporting history.
National League side York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers defender David Kamjang on loan until the end of the season.
Sunderland midfielder Emmanuel Eboue has been banned from football for two years after being found guilty of child sex offences.
A man accused of attacking a man with acid has told a court he feared for his life.
French carmaker Vauxhall has said it is investigating reports that some of its models have caught fire.
As the US presidential election draws to a close, it is becoming increasingly clear that the Republican Party is in trouble.
A new martial arts school has opened in Cheltenham.
A man has died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway in Southampton.
Oil giant Shell has been granted permission to drill for oil in the Chukchi Sea.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a student at a hotel in Bristol.
Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been arrested in South Africa on suspicion of murder.
Tens of thousands of websites in Turkey have been blocked by the Turkish government, according to a monitoring group.
Borussia Monchengladbach striker Diego Costa has signed a new three-year contract with the Spanish club.
Japan's bid to become the first nation to host a major international rugby league tournament has been hailed as a success.
Islamic State (IS) militants have taken control of the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, activists say.
Workers have been fined £1,000 after a sign was painted with the wrong spelling.
Bath will take on Leicester Tigers in the opening game of the 2017-18 Premiership season.
Businesses in Nottingham are being urged not to charge staff for parking at the city's city centre.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren says Rafael Benitez should be allowed to control the club's finances.
Celtic striker Callum Roberts has signed a new three-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club until the end of the season.
A Aberystwyth university has been given the go-ahead for a £10.3m regeneration.
Councils in England and Wales are to introduce a voter ID system to combat voter intimidation and intimidation.
Liam Mullaney's first-class century of the season helped Nottinghamshire beat Notts by eight wickets on day two at Chester-le-Street.
The family of a terminally ill man who took his own life have said they are "completely wrong".
A petition calling for horse rides to be held across Wales has been submitted to the Welsh Assembly.
A short novel about the Scottish Army's involvement in the Iraq War has been named the best book of the year.
The University of Manchester has said it will not be able to provide the full support it needs for disabled students.
The founder of the Women's Institute of London (WI) has said he was "shocked" when he was asked to cover up some of its stalls.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Paul Stander says his side will not be intimidated by Conor Murray in Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final.
Women with breast cancer are being offered the chance to lose weight to prevent cancer recurrence, a study suggests.
Germany reached the quarter-finals of the Confederations Cup for the first time with a comfortable victory over Mexico.
Comedian Jimmy Izzard has completed a record-breaking marathon to raise money for a charity that helps former South African President Nelson Mandela.
Norwich City manager Paul Neil says his side could have scored more goals if they had had a better start to the season.
Crotone maintained their unbeaten start to the Serie A season with victory over Empoli.
Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a new film based on the TV series The Dark Knight Rises.
Nigeria's economy has contracted for the second year in a row, according to official figures.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by strong earnings and hopes that President Donald Trump will take steps to boost the economy.
George Winton was one of the first British children to be rescued from the Nazi occupation of Czechoslovakia.
The number of attacks on prison staff in England and Wales has reached a new all-time high, new figures show.
Prince George has been photographed carrying a silver coin in his hand for the first time, the Royal Mint has announced.
The opening of the Great Exhibition in Northumberland has been announced.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man found stabbed to death in a Dublin flat.
Juventus extended their lead at the top of Serie A to seven points with victory over 10-man Crotone.
Newcastle United maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Barnet.
Three men have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton.
It's been a long time since I first heard of the idea of a Scottish independence referendum.
Glasgow-based builder Barratt Developments has announced plans for two new developments in the East of Scotland.
Paralympic gold medallist Kat Page has become the first British woman to win a gold medal in the men's quadruple sculls.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester reached the Premier League's top four for the first time with victory over Leicester.
Signs of witchcraft have been found on the walls of some of England's most famous buildings.
One of the tallest buildings in the world has collapsed in Didcot, County Durham.
The Isle of Wight tourism firm Hovertravel has said it is open to the idea of a cross-Channel ferry service.
The number of yachts visiting Guernsey has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade.
The former chief executive of Titanic Belfast has said he wants to see more people visiting the Belfast attraction.
A man who stabbed a man to death in Sussex has been released from a mental health unit.
The former chief constable of Northumbria Police has resigned.
Hartlepool United maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with victory over Barnet.
Sunderland have re-signed Manchester United midfielder Michael Klinghoffer on loan until the end of the season.
Borussia Monchengladbach striker Markus Harnik has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Nottingham Forest manager Michel Montanier says the Europa League quarter-finals will be a "must-win" for the club.
A plane carrying more than 1,000 passengers has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport.
Tens of thousands of ceramic poppies have been unveiled at a Yorkshire sculpture park.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has announced he is gay.
A police investigation is under way into the deaths of former members of a paramilitary unit in Northern Ireland.
Police in Anglesey have imposed a 24-hour curfew on a town.
A former world heavyweight champion has been found guilty of assaulting a woman at her home.
The US says it has confirmed that Kenneth Bae has been released from a North Korean prison camp.
Two of Blackpool's best-known seaside piers have gone on the market.
South Africa have appointed former England and South Africa captain David Domingo as their new head coach.
Telecoms in the UK are failing to protect customers' data, a security expert has said.
Online gambling firms in England and Wales have been fined £1m by the UK's competition watchdog.
A boy who died after being bullied at school has been named by a coroner.
Northern Ireland's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the European Championship were dealt a blow as they lost 1-0 to Poland in Nice.
Electrical shocks have been shown to improve the ability of people to solve maths puzzles, say researchers.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car in Leeds has been named by police.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has revealed details of its Prism surveillance programme.
Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy says he is "very hungry" for the second day of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Warwickshire all-rounder Sam Bell has resigned from his role as head coach of the Birmingham Bears.
The French interior minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, has refused to release CCTV footage of the Nice attack, the interior minister has said.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton claimed his first victory of the season with victory in the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Ugandan opposition leader Idi Amin Besigye has announced he will stand against President Yoweri Museveni.
The owner of a Cardiff house has said he fears he could be bitten by a spider crawling through his walls.
Northern Ireland's largest bank, Ulster Bank, has reported a pre-tax loss of £1.5m for the first half of the year.
A man's body has been found in a street in west Belfast.
A Nobel Prize-winning scientist has apologised for comments he made about women in science.
The number of people receiving care in England and Wales has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, figures show.
A Bolivian woman who was on board a plane that crashed during the World Cup has told the BBC that she tried to escape justice.
Three men have been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a Chinese woman in a McDonald's restaurant.
Taylor Swift has been embroiled in a bitter feud with pop star Kanye West.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a minute's silence in Cardiff to remember the victims of the Paris attacks.
Chesterfield boss Paul Turner has left the club.
The Welsh government has been accused of failing to publish an internal audit of its finances.
Plans for a new studio in Aberdeen have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Prue Leith has announced her retirement from the Great British Bake Off.
Uganda came from behind to beat Egypt and reach the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations.
Dog owners in Oxford could face fines of up to £10,000 if they do not clean up after their pets.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe looks set to become the first country in the world to adopt a national flag.
The former offices of Stafford College are to be closed to the public.
Volunteers are continuing to search for survivors of a tsunami in Greenland.
A man has died and a woman has been seriously injured in a two-vehicle crash in Londonderry.
Theresa May has met US President-elect Donald Trump for the first time.
The FBI has said it asked the State Department to change the classification of a private email used by Hillary Clinton.
London is the most expensive city in the world, according to a new study.
Gillingham head coach Paul Pennock says he is "very happy" with the progress made by the club.
Lionsgate has launched a video-streaming service for the Steam virtual reality platform.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has escaped from a prison in El Salvador, officials say.
Plans for a new primary school in Wick have been put on hold.
Changes to VAT rates have been announced by the government.
Pupils should be allowed to study more vocational subjects, the education secretary has said.
Plans to build a new naval base in Portsmouth have been given the go-ahead.
Police are searching for a man who has been missing for more than a week.
Wildlife experts in Wales are warning of the dangers of a rare shark found in the Canary Islands.
One of the world's most active volcanoes, the Kilauea volcano in Hawaii, has erupted.
A judge in the Republic of Ireland has been granted a judicial order preventing the publication of documents relating to a businessman's bank loans.
Spain's Sergio Henao has withdrawn from the Tour de France after being found guilty of doping.
The US says it is in talks with the Czech Republic over the release of a man who was kidnapped in Syria last year.
The investigation into the murder of Pat Finucane by the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) has been criticised by a senior police officer.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle chairman Paul Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" about historical gambling.
A Chicago police officer has been charged with the manslaughter of a black teenager who was shot dead by a white officer.
The Independent newspaper is to close at the end of the year, it has announced.
Torquay United have agreed a deal to sign former Newport Gwent defender Matt Byrne until the end of the season.
It's a plastic fiver.
An Australian backpacker has told the BBC he had to fight for his life for more than a year.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says the Premier League title race could be in danger if his side lose to Chelsea.
The Syrian army says it has taken control of the rebel-held town of Khalidiya in Homs province.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been arrested on suspicion of racial abuse at Heathrow Airport.
Russian security forces have fired tear gas to disperse anti-government protesters in Abkhazia, the capital of the former Soviet republic.
An Indian woman has been praised by the Railways (RMT) after sharing her story on social media.
Kasabian band Kasabian have been criticised for a video showing them pretending to be mental health patients.
Premier League clubs have been accused by the Sunday Times of failing to investigate allegations of doping.
Campaigners calling for a regional mayor to be elected to Cardiff have said the city's bid to become the first in the UK to do so is "stalling".
A seaside seaside town has said it is "devastated" by the decision to close two naval sites.
Nigeria's army says it has recaptured more than 100 girls from a boarding school in the north-eastern state of Borno.
Illegal cigarettes worth more than £1m have been seized at a recycling plant in Birmingham.
Surrey's police force has been criticised for failing to tackle organised crime.
The global version of BBC iPlayer has been shut down, the corporation has confirmed.
A former cholera clinic has been listed for the first time.
A cartoon depicting US President Donald Trump has been chosen as the winner of a Tehran art exhibition.
It's been a year since the US presidential election.
League Two side Albion Rovers were held to a goalless draw by fellow strugglers West Brom.
League Two side Stevenage have signed defender Ryan Keane on loan until the end of the season.
Police are appealing for information after a burglary at a house in Aberdeenshire.
The Scottish government has said it is "deeply saddened" by the death of eight people in a car crash in Glasgow.
England beat South Africa to reach the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
The M4 has been closed for more than two hours after a lorry overturned on the motorway.
Svetlana Abramovic has opened The Serpentine Gallery in London for the first time.
Northern Ireland's first minister has met Sinn Féin leaders to discuss the need for a devolved executive.
A Scottish engineering firm has been awarded more than £1m in funding to expand its operations in the Highlands.
A 90-year-old woman who was found dead in her home has been named by police as Mary Logan.
Russia has stepped up its efforts to tackle a series of wildfires in Chile.
The US has condemned Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank, saying it is "not a final-status issue".
The parents of two children who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State have been found not guilty of terrorism offences, a judge has ruled.
A statue of Mary Macmillan has been unveiled in the Black Country to mark the 100th anniversary of the Unite union strike.
Kenya's Muslim community has called for more returnees to return to the country, a report says.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in County Tyrone.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike in a dispute over pay.
Two boys have been arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images of children.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in Essex.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to a minimum of 45 years in prison for killing a fellow soldier.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has announced plans to invest more than £1m in its UK plant.
The number of registered young players playing sports in Wales is at an all-time low, a leading charity has said.
South Africa's main opposition party, the Democratic Alliance (DA), has announced that its leader will step down.
Carlisle Blackwell's father has offered him a world heavyweight title after he accepted the offer of a $10,000 (Â£6,000) prize.
A couple in the US state of Alaska have spoken of their shock at being told their son had died.
QPR have signed former Swindon Town midfielder Jack Murphy on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland's Supreme Court has ruled that the Scottish Parliament's role in the UK's exit from the European Union is a "political accord".
A man has died in Coleraine, County Antrim.
The family of Gerry Donaldson have said they are "disappointed" by claims that he was shot dead by a senior police officer.
A plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of a British soldier's work at a Nazi concentration camp in East Germany.
A "suspicious" device has been found on a road in Londonderry.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg set the pace in the first practice session of the Malaysian Grand Prix.
A Pembrokeshire nursery has apologised to parents after a child was stolen from the room.
Swiss supermarket chain Kingfisher has completed the sale of its B&Q home goods business in China.
Canada has failed to clinch a free trade deal with the European Union.
Survivors of the Merthyr Tydfil school disaster have been given the chance to share their experiences at a conference.
The Grand National starts at Cheltenham on Saturday, with one of Britain's best-known jockeys hoping to win the race for the first time.
Anthony McKenzie has become the first British boxer to defend his IBF super-middleweight title.
A red-tailed bird has been photographed eating plastic bags of food in a North Lanarkshire beach.
A man has been found dead in a block of flats in Oxford.
Thousands of people in Nottingham have voted to leave the European Union.
Edin Dzeko scored his first Serie A goal of the season as Roma beat Bologna 3-1 to move up to third in the table.
An independent audit has questioned the Scottish government's decision to grant a £1m grant to a music festival manager.
Welsh heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has the "best physique" in the world, says former world champion Michael Harrison.
Tamil Nadu's main opposition party, Jayalalitha, has lost its majority in the state assembly.
Human remains found at a junction of a motorway have been identified as those of a missing man.
At least 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a suicide attack on a military base, officials say.
Great Britain have reached the Davis Cup semi-finals for the first time.
In the centre of the Serbian capital, Belgrade, is a refugee centre.
Kilmarnock have signed former Dundee United and Hamilton Academical head coach Gary Houston on a two-year deal.
A man has died after his boat capsized off the coast of Cornwall.
Michael Johnston scored a hat-trick as Kilcoo came from behind to beat Scotstown 3-1 in the All-Ireland semi-final.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Jenkins says she is ready to compete for Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny has been sworn in as the new leader of the Republic of Ireland.
A second inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington has been adjourned.
Plans for a new Vulcan rocket have been unveiled for the first time.
Singer Drake and rapper Drake have paid tribute to a rapper who died in a New York hospital.
League Two side Rotherham United have denied reports that striker Diafra Diouf was at the club's pre-season training camp.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is confident his side can beat Maribor in the Europa League quarter-finals.
Rory McIlroy and Jordan Spieth will play in the first round of the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine.
The number of high-rise office buildings in Belfast has reached a new all-time high, according to a report.
The Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan has been rated a "hazardous" by the World Health Organization.
A Northamptonshire helicopter has been shot down by a laser beam.
An artificial intelligence (AI) has been found to be able to read human lips.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants to keep the UK in the European Union.
Paralympic toads in Australia have been shown to be able to evade invasive cane toads, a study suggests.
Pakistan's Mohammad Waqar says he does not believe the International Cricket Council (ICC) is investigating a match between his country and Pakistan.
Google has cut the length of its 30-second video adverts.
Michael Dummett has been named in Wales' squad for their Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium.
Retailers in Northern Ireland have been told they will have to pay up to Â£10,000 to stop a cake being made by a Muslim baker.
Olympic and world records should be wiped from the world record books, the governing body of athletics has said.
The son of a man who was forced to work as a child labourer has told a court he had a "fairytale" relationship with him.
A woman has died after a car she was travelling in crashed into a wall in Belfast city centre.
Former world champions have been inducted into a museum dedicated to the sport.
A former Royal Marine has been appointed as the new head of the Royal Military College at Sandhurst.
Police investigating a robbery at a jewellers have made a fresh appeal for information.
Liam Stokes' second-wicket partnership of the season helped Middlesex beat Yorkshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a woman was punched in the face with a laser pen in Inverness.
A man accused of murdering his three-year-old son has told a court he is "not a murderer".
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in May, according to official figures.
Reading defender Michael McAnuff has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
The number of people in the world using a smartphone app has risen to a record high, according to a study.
NHS Direct has said it is in talks to take over the NHS 111 service in England and Wales.
Plans for a new law centre in Inverness have been unveiled.
Cardiff City manager Russell Slade has spoken to the club's director of football Russell Dalman.
Online retailer Next has won a High Court battle against HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC).
Bankswell has been named as the winner of this year's London International Film Festival.
A police officer who saved the life of murdered MP Jo Cox has been awarded a knighthood.
A Paralympic gold medallist has revealed he has been diagnosed with a tumour in his spine.
The investigation into the Manchester Arena terror attack has reached its climax.
Dundee Grand Prix winner Guy Martin has been ruled out of this year's event after suffering a back injury.
At the end of last week's attack by Islamist militant group al-Shabab in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, one of the world's most northerly countries, Somalia, was gripped by a sense of dread.
The price of carbon dioxide (CO2) has fallen to an all-time low in the European Union.
Ghana's transport minister has been fined $1m (Â£1m) for a contract to build a luxury coach for President John Mahama.
French police have arrested a man suspected of trying to join so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
An FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest was delayed because of overcrowding, inquests have heard.
The man who led the search for the Disappeared has died at the age of 83.
Plans to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead.
A six-month-old boy who choked on his own food has been diagnosed with a "serious choking hazard".
Malaysia's government has apologised after a newspaper published a picture of singer Fatima Badu with tattoos on her body.
A rare sea turtle that washed up on a beach in south-west England has died.
It's been a busy year for the England women's cricket team.
Wigan Warriors full-back Sam Tomkins has signed a new two-year deal with Saracens.
League Two side Sheffield Wednesday have signed defender Alex Wildsmith on a season-long loan deal.
Bolton Wanderers manager Paul Cox says the club are interested in signing midfielder Jack Cook.
Haseeb Alviro Perera's first-class century of the season helped Hampshire take control of the first day against Hampshire at Headingley.
England head coach Chris Hartley says his side are "not good enough" to beat Australia in the Six Nations.
A panda has been born at a Hong Kong wildlife park for the first time.
Dozens of people have been killed in a fire at a nightclub in Romania's capital, Bucharest.
A woman has pleaded guilty to the murder of a man who was found dead at a house in Lincolnshire.
A hospital has been ordered to pay more than £1m to the family of a five-year-old girl who suffered severe brain injuries.
A 13-year-old boy has been removed from his family's care after a judge ruled he was not fit for purpose.
The family of a woman who was murdered by her ex-boyfriend have won a High Court appeal against her death.
Facebook has been criticised for failing to comply with Belgian privacy laws.
Downton Abbey has been renewed for a third series.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said he has no problem with Philip Hammond.
The health watchdog, the Care Quality Commission (CHCs), has said it needs to improve its relationship with the public.
The US TV series Vinyl has been axed after more than two years.
Children in Northern Ireland are more likely to be suicidal than other countries, according to Childline.
Plans for a new lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved.
Swimmer Michael Phelps broke his own world record to win the men's 100m freestyle at the US Swimming Championships in Texas.
Lyon striker Marcelo Lopes has been sent off after his side were held to a draw by Lyon.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a two-vehicle crash in Staffordshire.
Nicola MacDonald has called for a legal right to end the life of terminally ill people in Scotland.
Tens of thousands of Baltimore Orioles fans have been allowed to watch their team's game against Baltimore Orioles at Camden Yards.
Transgender people in many parts of the world are no longer able to identify as male or female.
Zurich's mayor has called for a referendum on whether to leave the European Union.
A motorcyclist has been killed in a crash on a dual carriageway in Caerphilly county.
Scottish shipbuilder Ferguson Shipbuilding has been sold to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
Port Talbot is one of Scotland's most remote towns.
A man has been found guilty of assaulting a Muslim boy and a Muslim girl.
The number of older offenders in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to a report by the National Trust for Older People.
A man has been charged after a woman was assaulted in Belfast city centre.
Dozens of people are still missing after a powerful earthquake struck Aceh province, officials say.
Clifton Rowland scored twice as Antrim beat Louth 2-1 to move to within two points of the League Two play-offs.
Six people have been charged with air pollution in the French capital, Paris.
Germany reached the semi-finals of the Women's European Championship for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Denmark.
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely" against same sex marriage.
Facebook is facing a High Court challenge over its handling of data transfers to the US.
Bournemouth defender Robinson Rowett has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Bournemouth Fire and Rescue Service (B&Q) has warned people not to use insecticide in their homes.
More than 1,000 trees have been destroyed in forest fires in Poland, officials say.
Northern Ireland's Department of Education (DEL) has said it will continue to work with colleges and trade unions until the end of the year.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to five points with victory over Arbroath.
The family of two men who were wrongly accused of murdering a police officer in Londonderry more than 30 years ago have said they are "disappointed".
Councils should be given the power to sponsor failing schools, a group of councils has said.
Taking statins could reduce the risk of heart attacks and strokes, according to a new study.
Two Russian space fliers have successfully landed on the International Space Station.
Great Britain reached the semi-finals of the men's fencing at the European Championships in London.
A new tax on diesel cars is to be introduced in the UK, the government has announced.
Dundee manager Derek McCann says he is determined to find the right players before the start of the season.
The head of the World Anti-Doping Agency, Thomas Bach, says he has no regrets about his decision to ban Russia from the Rio Olympics.
Former Wales scrum-half John Faull has died at the age of 83.
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer and columnist Anupam Kher looks at the challenges facing Dalit communities in India.
World number one Tiger Woods says he will not be using a golf ball again this year.
A woman has spoken of her shock after a man was shot in the leg in west Belfast.
A former co-founder of the Silk Road website has been arrested in Thailand.
Plymouth Argyle suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Mansfield.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme, we take a look back at some of the highlights of this year's World Rugby Sevens Series.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has no intention of returning to the top flight.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious head injuries after a car crashed into a tree.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Morrison says his side's poor start to the season is a "disaster".
Zambia coach Paul Chambeshi says his team's positive attitude has helped them reach the semi-finals of the World Cup.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has imposed a series of sanctions against the US and other countries ahead of the country's presidential election.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has cancelled a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
More than 1,000 Roma people have been evicted from a camp in the French city of Paris.
Tens of thousands of people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a ferry which runs between Southampton and London.
The family of a man who died when he was hit by a car have said they wish he would have been there to help them.
A garden dedicated to Syd Barrett has been unveiled in Cambridgeshire.
Filipino presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been accused of raping a missionary in a video posted online.
Former Prime Minister John Major has called for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
The winner of a photography competition in Bristol has been revealed.
More than half of all GCSE and A-level exams were re-marked in England last year, figures show.
Boeing has reported lower-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
Olympic gold medallist Paul Cassells and Ireland's Paul Scrimrimsells won gold in the men's single sculls at the European Rowing Championships.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in the first Test in Bangalore.
Online courses should be offered online, the head of a leading online education company has said.
Double Double has won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career.
The number of Travellers living in the Republic of Ireland has increased, according to a study.
A section of a dual carriageway in Inverness is to remain closed until further notice.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of two women were found at a house in Dundee.
Great Britain's Tom Benson won the men's triathlon at the European Para-athletics Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Coventry Museum has reopened to the public for the first time since it opened more than a decade ago.
Work has been carried out to restore a waterlogged river in Lancashire.
A French airliner that crashed in Yemen last week has been allowed to return to the country, the airline has said.
The governor of Louisiana, Bobby Jindal, has told the BBC that the Republican Party needs to change its image.
Orlando City Women have signed former England captain Marta for the 2017 Women's World Cup.
Scottish Labour leader Gordon Murray has been re-elected to the Scottish Parliament.
Catalans Dragons have appointed former Catalans Dragons coach Paul Frayss as their new head coach.
Prince Charles and his wife, Gabriella, have given birth to their first child.
A new maternity unit is to be set up in London to help women who have experienced sexual assault during labour.
Paralympic gold medallist Katie Smyth and world champion Jessica Simpson both qualified for the final of the Northern Ireland Athletics Championships in Belfast.
Dozens of weapons have been seized during an anti-racism protest in Kent.
The Lib Dems are to introduce a new law to criminalise tax evasion, the Lib Dems have said.
South Africa's finance minister, Pravin Gordhan, has said the country's economy is in crisis.
UKIP's deputy leader has said he does not think Nigel Farage should quit as leader.
A collection of art from the Wedgwood collection has been put up for sale.
Saudi Arabia is one of the wealthiest countries in the Arab world.
The number of online bullying attacks on children in England has reached a record high, a charity has said.
A 12-year-old girl has been raped in a car in Hertfordshire.
Six swans have been killed in a suspected hit-and-run accident in County Tyrone.
A Cornish takeaway chain has agreed to buy a Cornish town centre for £1.5m.
Schools in England need to do more to encourage young people to participate in sport, the prime minister has said.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) in England and Wales increased by more than a third last year, figures show.
Chris Froome won the Vuelta a Espana for the third year in a row after a crash in the final stage of the Tour de France.
YouTube star Ben Vine has said he was "shocked" by the way he was punched in the head by a gang of teenagers.
The number of co-operative housing projects in Wales has more than doubled in the last decade, according to a new study.
The UK's busiest airfield has said it expects to see a record number of flights in the summer.
Computer giant Hewlett-Packard has announced plans to cut more than 1,000 jobs.
Partick Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to seven points with victory over Motherwell.
The number of patients waiting for   Â£1.5m Â to be taken to hospital has more than doubled in the past five years, a charity has said.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman shot dead in Oxford.
Christopher Hobwood, one of the world's leading classical musicians, has died at the age of 83.
A three-week-old cub has been born at a zoo in Turkey, the BBC has learned.
Chancellor George Osborne has met German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the UK's plans to leave the European Union.
An Australian company has been fined $1m (£1m) for destroying a sacred site in the Australian state of Darwin.
Black Friday is just around the corner and shoppers are gearing up for the biggest shopping event of the year.
A transgender woman has been appointed as a police officer in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) has called for the abolition of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship.
A man has been taken to hospital after being seriously injured in a car crash on the A74 in Londonderry.
A new prosthetic limb has been developed for amputees in North America.
Celtic's new manager, Ronny Deila, is not the best manager in the world, according to his former team-mate Florian Lustig.
Manchester City's Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid at the Nou Camp is one of the most important games in the club's history.
Wrexham have appointed former Wrexham boss Paul Morrell as their new manager.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire, we take a look at some of the UK's best-known fashion brands.
British Transport Police (BTP) union bosses have called on government officials to help resolve a dispute over pensions.
Paralympic gold medallist Lizzie Cheruiyot set a new world record in the women's 10,000m at the Rio Olympics.
Police investigating the deaths of a man and a woman at a quarry in north London say they have found evidence of a gas explosion.
Dozens of aid convoys have arrived in Syria for the first time since the UN agreed to allow air strikes on rebel-held areas.
Working-class people in England are being systematically excluded from top jobs, according to a report.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed striker Darren Wilson on a season-long loan deal.
Former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong has filed a lawsuit against the US government.
A new partnership has been set up to help people with rare diseases in Northern Ireland.
A US appeals court has ruled that two teenagers who stabbed a 13-year-old girl to death in Wisconsin should face life in prison.
The US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) has approved the first phase of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Hungary's main opposition party, the Fidesz, has held its first general election in more than a decade.
Two men have been charged with theft from a supermarket.
A young Prince Frederik of Denmark has been rescued from a beach in the Danish city of Copenhagen.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Jeremy Vine, we've been trying to find out what the EU's policy on bananas is.
When India's richest man, Virgil Kohli, set out to become the world's first man to build a robot, he knew he had to do it.
Somalia's Islamist militant group al-Shabab has been killed in a US air strike, officials say.
A stained glass window depicting the Battle of the Somme has been removed.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Birmingham.
All primary school pupils in England will have to pass a "screen-check" test in order to improve their GCSE results.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Smith has been suspended by the British Gymnastics Association after a video was posted online.
A group of disabled people has lost a legal challenge to the government's decision to cut funding for the National Disability Fund (ILF).
One of the UK's largest human rights organisations, G4S, has reported a sharp fall in first-half profits.
Tens of thousands of Venezuelans have rallied in cities across the country to protest against President Nicolas Maduro's government.
Aircraft maker Airbus has cut the number of deliveries of its A380 superjumbo jets by more than a third.
The chief executive of one of the UK's biggest companies has called for the UK to leave the European Union.
A high-rise building in the southern Indian city of Mumbai has collapsed, killing at least eight people, police say.
BlackRock, the world's biggest investment bank, has announced that it will cut 1,000 jobs over the next three years.
When David Dwyer was a teenager, he wanted to play in the United States.
Russia has been accused of failing to comply with international anti-doping rules.
A crematorium has apologised to a family whose cremated ashes were removed from a crematorium.
The chief executive of the BSkyB is to give a lecture on the future of the BBC.
Junior doctors in England and Wales have called for a meeting with Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt to discuss a dispute over pay.
Hamilton Academical came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
More than £1m has been given to the Northern Powerhouse to help boost the region's economy.
Serena Williams has become the first woman to win a Grand Slam at the age of seven months pregnant.
Six people have been arrested as part of a major drug trafficking operation in Italy.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has called for the country's banks to be exempt from a controversial anti-money laundering law.
A new code of conduct for police officers has been published by the Scottish government.
A 92-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay more than £1,000 to install a telephone line.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's most successful politicians.
Italian fashion designer Gigi Hadid has been accused of being a "Tommy Girl" after a report claimed she was "too thin".
The daughter of Norwegian singer Jean-Claude Kasem has filed a lawsuit against her mother, accusing her of abusing her.
A Russian football fan who was expelled from the country last month has arrived in France, officials say.
Malaysia's former President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been charged with embezzlement.
Members of the European Parliament have called for the UK government to offer a guarantee to EU nationals living in the UK.
Celtic were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock in the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to five points with a hard-fought victory over St Johnstone.
England have reached the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup for the first time.
Google has said it is working to reduce the number of puzzles that appear on its website.
Paralympic gold medallist Michael Smyth says he is aiming to qualify for the Rio Paralympics for the first time.
Tens of thousands of Halloween decorations have been stolen from a golf club.
MPs have been given a chance to debate the Welsh Government's plans to leave the European Union.
The Dundee-based Boozum's restaurant chain has been sold to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
A man has been arrested in connection with a cyber-attack on TalkTalk in London.
A Russian warplane has crashed near the Turkish border, killing all 224 people on board.
Iraqi forces have retaken the city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS), the army's commander has said.
Arsenal striker Arturo Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Black Duke, ridden by John Harrington, won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the second year in a row.
Mae cynadleddau cynnal yn Gymraeg yn ystod y gystadleuaeth ers Cwpan y Byd 1958.
Hospitals in England have been told to improve the way they deal with mistakes.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked at his home in Inverness.
A man has died after a car he was travelling in crashed into a tree.
Iranian officials have been caught up in a long-running corruption scandal that has left tens of thousands of jobs at risk.
Visitors to Yellowstone National Park have been warned not to approach a bison that has been born in the park.
The rate of house price growth in the UK has reached a record high, according to official figures.
Councillors in Northumberland have voted to extend the contracts of teaching assistants.
Torquay United have signed Torquay Caledonian Thistle for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Former world number one Johanna Konta has left the WTA after just one year in the job.
For the first time since the US-led coalition intervened in the Syrian civil war in 2011, there has been a clear sense of progress.
Two Cambridge students have been found guilty of stealing items from the Auschwitz death camp in Poland.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has met Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for the first time.
Huddersfield Town have appointed David Wagner as their new manager for the rest of the season.
Nairobi's Miss World beauty pageant is one of the most successful in the world.
A GP accused of murdering a 12-year-old boy has told a court she had no idea his genitals were changing.
Plans for a wildlife park in Nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead.
An 88-year-old man has sold a letter he received from President Barack Obama during the US-Russia summit.
A museum in Singapore has returned a bronze sculpture stolen from a Hindu temple in India more than a decade ago.
One of the world's most popular trains has arrived in London for the first time.
Former world number one Jason Donald says he had to give up golf to focus on his career.
In the early 1900s, the first American settlers arrived in La Gloria, a small town in the Cuban capital, Havana.
All the seats up for election in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The number of dementia cases in England and Wales has fallen for the first time in more than 50 years, a study suggests.
The Isle of Wight Council has said it will appeal against a High Court ruling that its children are not allowed to attend school.
A man who was known as the "Little Santa Claus" has died at the age of 90.
Tens of thousands of people have attended the funeral of a Kurdish woman who was killed in clashes with so-called Islamic State (IS).
Prime Minister Theresa May has outlined her plans for the Conservative Party after the vote to leave the EU.
A football referee who died after being punched during a game in Livonia has been named by police.
A woman has been shot dead by a pickup truck driver in the US state of Ohio.
A man has been found guilty of plotting to kill a British soldier.
A Hindu teacher in India has been arrested over a complaint he made about Muslim students failing to take part in World Yoga Day events.
The size of the Loch Ness loch in the North Sea has been measured for the first time.
The inquest into the deaths of three men killed in a plane crash at Shoreham last year has been postponed.
Three men have been found guilty of trying to break into bank machines in Scotland.
Pope Francis has been criticised for failing to act on the issue of child sexual abuse in Australia, the Archbishop of Melbourne has said.
Celtic have confirmed they are in talks with Manchester United about signing striker Pat Roberts.
A man has created a robot that he hopes will be used as a toy.
Small businesses are the most vulnerable to cyber attacks, according to a leading business body.
Pope Francis is due to make his first visit to Africa this week.
The European Commission president, Jean-Claude Juncker, has said he has not been involved in tax evasion.
Scotland's Laura Muir has broken the world record for the women's 1500m at the World Championships in London.
Birmingham City came from behind to beat Newcastle United and reach the third round of the FA Cup.
Mark Cavendish became the first British rider to win a World Tour de France title with victory in Copenhagen.
A decade ago, the Spice Girls were one of the most successful pop groups in the world.
British pair Jamie Murray and Jamie Heaslip have reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
A beach clean-up charity has said it will hold more sessions on Manx this year.
Legal highs, including legal highs, are to be banned in the UK under new government plans.
It has been a year of ups and downs for the National Football League (NFL).
A nurse who sexually assaulted patients at a hospital has been jailed for five years.
The Irish Open will be held in Ballyliffin, County Londonderry, from 2019 and 2020.
Jack Leaning's first-class century of the season helped Yorkshire beat Lancashire by eight wickets on day two of the Roses match.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price of milk for farmers by 23p per litre.
Hewlett-Packard has apologised to customers who use its inkjet printers.
A judge in Los Angeles has ordered the sale of the Los Angeles Clippers to US businessman Donald Sterling.
A Gloucestershire school has been forced to close after pupils contracted norovirus.
People in Wales are being urged to register to vote ahead of the general election, the first woman to do so has said.
Oil giant Shell has said it will continue to invest in the Arctic despite criticism from environmental groups.
Tributes have been paid to Labour MP Jo Cox, who has died at the age of 74.
Israel's prime minister has called for tougher penalties for people who throw stones at holy sites in Jerusalem.
The president of the Republic of Ireland has signed into law a bill that would allow abortion for terminally-ill women.
Volunteers at a Borders lifeboat station have been told they will not be able to use their boats for the rest of the year.
Surrey's Kumar Sangakkara hit his first first-class century of the season as they beat Nottinghamshire by eight wickets in the first one-day international at Edgbaston.
Wolves have been bought by Chinese private equity firm Fososos for an undisclosed sum.
The number of birds and bees in the UK is rising, according to new research.
The Prince of Wales has led cadets to a military parade in London in support of the Islamic State group.
Leicester City have signed Algeria international Riyad Mahrez for an undisclosed fee.
The US has suspended all its diplomatic missions in Yemen after a suicide bomber carried out an attack on a Saudi prince.
Sinn Féin scrum-half Conor Gray says his side are capable of winning the Six Nations for the first time.
The number of tourists visiting Northern Ireland has fallen by more than 50% in the past five years, according to a report.
At the age of 16, Rodrigo da Silva, a Brazilian street child, was playing football for the first time in his life.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a new type of ecstasy in Rochdale.
Sir Mick Jagger has said he has no regrets about his relationship with L'Wren Scott.
Plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in York have been approved by the city council.
Zimbabwe's only independent radio station has closed, the BBC has learned.
Funding for children's mental health services in England is being ring-fenced, the BBC has learned.
A 16-year-old boy has been named as the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest.
Championship side Leeds Rhinos have signed former Hull FC scrum-half Matt Hood on a two-year deal.
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim the length of the Atlantic Ocean.
In our series of letters from the BBC Sports Personality of the Year, we take a look back at some of the most popular sports in the world.
BBC Africa has launched a new series of women's empowerment programmes.
Two Russian diplomats have been expelled from the US embassy in Moscow, the Foreign Ministry says.
England's Chris Stokes hit a century as they beat India by eight wickets in the first one-day international in India.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a Northamptonshire flat.
The UK government has been accused of violating human rights in Northern Ireland, a senior human rights official has said.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at the challenges facing people with disabilities.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Scott won gold in the men's 10,000m freestyle final at the Rio Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
A parade has taken place in Yeovil to mark the 100th anniversary of the end of World War Two.
Police are no longer investigating car thefts, a man has said.
Kathleen Khong is the youngest person in the world to run a food bank in Malaysia.
In the north-eastern Nigerian town of Kano, where Boko Haram militants are fighting for control of the country's education system, a group of young Muslims has been taking part in a series of protests.
Turkey's foreign ministry has issued a travel warning, warning that the country could be at the centre of a terror attack.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council.
A man has died and another has been seriously injured in separate incidents in the Republic of Ireland.
The Japanese government's handling of the Fukushima nuclear disaster was "inadequate", a panel of experts has concluded.
Former England boss Alan Dyke has resigned as chairman of the Football Association.
NatWest and NatWest have said they are prepared to cut interest rates if the Bank of England does not cut them.
The government has lost its bid to make Sundays more special for shops in England and Wales.
The Golden State Warriors beat the Cleveland Cavaliers to reach the NBA Finals for the second year in a row.
Former Borussia Dortmund striker Paul Coady says he is determined to take his side to the top of the Premier League.
A woman has been jailed for six months after a man died at a bar in County Londonderry.
A man who ate a fish has been fined £1,000 by the RSPCA.
Albania have been given a three-match ban by the European Football Association (Uefa).
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new deal with the world's largest mobile phone provider.
Wrexham suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Wrexham.
Pakistan have been given permission to play in the first Test against India in Sharjah.
Bristol Rovers manager Gary Rowett says his side are "not playing with the same attitude" as they were in the League Two relegation zone.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has begun the process of impeaching President Dilma Rousseff.
Chinese scientists say they have found the earliest evidence of a major flood in China's history.
A 19-year-old Florida man has been charged with fraud and money laundering after allegedly pretending to be a naturopath.
Former world number one Rafael Nadal has set a new record for the most Wimbledon singles titles.
The number of snowsnows in Scotland has more than doubled in the past year, according to a new report.
Three men have been found guilty of conspiring to smuggle drugs into the UK.
Lancashire director of cricket Steve Giles says he would like to see the county's form improve.
A Polish man has been jailed for life for raping a woman at a bus stop in Leicester.
Cornwall head coach Paul Dawe says he is concerned about the future of the Pro12 final at Twickenham.
Actor Matthew McConaughey has become the first actor to take part in a "no-go" initiative at a Texas university.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring all government officials to hand over their assets to the new president.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he wants to improve the lives of African-American children in the US.
Peterborough United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 83.
A dinghy has been rescued after it capsized on a beach in Inverclyde.
The High Court in Belfast has rejected a bid by a gay rights campaigner to have his case heard.
Three Labour MPs have called for a boycott of the general election.
The family of a Vietnamese doctor who was injured on a United Airlines flight to Vietnam have said they will sue the airline.
The UK's police and crime commissioner should be called to account for the killing of two British civilians in Syria, Mhairi Harman has said.
The governing body of amateur boxing in Wales has been found to be "inadequate" by independent auditors.
Two schools in Edinburgh have been closed due to safety concerns.
A German woman has filed a lawsuit against Bayer over her use of a contraceptive pill, Yasminelle.
Passengers at a London Tube station are being asked to stand at the top of the escalators during rush hour.
Victims of asbestos-related cancer will be able to claim compensation from the government under a new scheme.
A woman has been found guilty of attempting to kill her mother by injecting her with insulin.
The US Senate has voted against a plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Australian artist Roy Churcher has died at the age of 83.
Moody's is one of the world's leading credit rating agencies.
A second trial of former Cambodian President Pol Pot has been held in the capital, Phnom Penh.
Author Richard O'Brien has died at the age of 83.
Bristol City have signed Guernsey Under-19s Jake and Kodi for an undisclosed fee.
People who work in the UK should not feel threatened by immigration, the Welsh Conservative leader has said.
A cat that went missing for more than a year has been reunited with its owner.
A football fan has been left with a gaping hole in his foot.
The Home Office is to deport more than 1,000 workers suspected of working illegally in the UK.
Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes team-mate Max Verstappen clashed in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Hampshire Police has appointed Victoria Pinkney as its new chief constable.
Belfast boxer Alexei Ihevchenko has won a bronze medal in the men's bantamweight division at the European Championships in Budapest.
Olympic bronze medallist Dave Brewster hopes to reach the semi-finals of the European Championships in Braehead, Scotland.
Donegal's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship have been dealt a blow.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Baldrick Perry has been remembered for his role in the TV series Dad's Army, the BBC has learned.
Derby County manager Paul Bent says his side are capable of reaching the play-offs despite a poor start to the season.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Partick Thistle maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Ross County.
Dozens of people have been evacuated from the rebel-held eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk.
One of the most famous mosaics of all time has been unearthed in Leicester.
Holyrood should have full control of income tax, pensions and defence and foreign affairs, according to a new poll.
The founder of the World Food Prize, Dr Adesina, has been announced as the winner of this year's prize.
A police officer has been banned from carrying a gun at a railway station.
The El Nino-Southern Oscillation (El Nino) has been described as the world's most powerful weather event.
Scientists say they have developed a new type of kidney that can be made from human tissue.
A US university has filed a lawsuit against Apple, claiming it infringed a patent on microchips.
One of the world's most famous steam locomotives, Tornado, is taking to the skies for the first time.
Thousands of people across England are taking part in a Couch to 5K challenge.
A new marine conservation centre has been launched in the Borders.
Passengers travelling to and from the UK will now be able to verify their passports for the first time, the government has announced.
Beth Tweddle became the first British gymnast to win a gold medal at the London 2012 Olympics.
League Two side Charlton Athletic have signed defender Jack Pearson on a season-long loan deal.
Hollywood star James McAvoy has spoken to the BBC about his involvement in the renovation of Hastings Pier.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of his ex-wife in a Sydney cafe siege.
The chief executive of the BBC Trust has said he was "disappointed" by the BBC's handling of the pay dispute.
Hamilton Academical were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock.
Wales head coach Chris Coleman says his side's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign is over after a 2-1 defeat by Northern Ireland.
Three men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot dead at a pub in Liverpool.
Ronnie Ferguson says he does not think he is the right man to take over as Aberdeen manager.
A speaker of Italy's lower house of parliament has been suspended following a row over a gesture he made during a debate.
Australia has expelled its ambassador to Israel following the murder of a Palestinian businessman in Dubai last year.
The wife of jailed Azerbaijani opposition leader Leyla has been sentenced to life in prison.
More than 100 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea, police say.
England won their first Women's Six Nations title with a seven-try victory over Ireland in Dublin.
At least one person has been killed in a bomb attack in the Lebanese city of Arsal, officials say.
Guiding Guides in the UK have changed their oath of allegiance to Queen Elizabeth II.
More than 40,000 illegal migrants have been arrested at Dover ports in the last year, figures show.
"I don't know what to do with my phone."
Coventry City have agreed a deal to buy the League Two side for an undisclosed fee, according to the club's chairman.
Rochdale beat Rochdale to move to within three points of the League One play-off places.
A takeaway chain has been fined £10,000 after a worker was crushed by a forklift truck.
The Irish government has failed to do enough to protect human rights during the financial crisis, a human rights group has said.
Former prime minister Lord Heseltine has said the UK needs to improve its education system.
A new study suggests that the ancestors of the Basque people who lived in the north-eastern part of the European continent may have shared a common ancestor.
Burton Albion have signed goalkeeper Stephen McLaughlin for the rest of the season.
It's been one of the most exciting days of the year so far.
The Welsh Labour leader has said he does not support Jeremy Corbyn as the party's leader.
A new secondary school has opened in Flintshire.
Burnley have signed striker Jack Walter for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Mexican actor Freddy Aguirre, best known for his role as a Mexican bullfighter, has died at the age of 90.
Leigh Centurions have appointed former Featherstone Rovers head coach Paul Duffy as their new head coach.
A woman who gave birth to her daughter has died, a coroner has ruled.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign former Villarreal midfielder Anthony Bailly until the end of the season.
The French government has condemned the publication of cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad by satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo.
In the early 1990s, Joanna Tilli was working as a housekeeper in Lisbon.
The world's most famous detective, Sherlock Holmes, is heading to the Maze of Terror.
The father of one of the victims of the San Bernardino mass shooting has called for Apple to do more to protect its phones.
The US state of Florida has declared a state of emergency following the release of toxic green slime.
Doctor Who's co-creator has said he is "overwhelmed" by the reaction to the end of the series.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a rollercoaster crashed at a theme park.
Ospreys head coach Paul Hore has said he is open to the idea of a new head coach following the departure of Stuart Hogg.
Leicester reached the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup with a bonus-point win over Treviso.
British and Irish Lions scrum-half Alex Abendanon says he is happy to play in France after the Rugby Football Union (RFU) banned him from the country.
Patient satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen sharply, according to a new survey.
It's that time of year again!
The head of the City of London's finance department has accused the French of being "anti-British".
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill has said he has no intention of returning to Germany for Euro 2016.
Leeds United were held to a goalless draw by Burton Albion in the League Two play-off semi-final.
Northamptonshire's Alex Hales set a new T20 Blast record as they beat Durham by eight wickets in the Powerplay Blast.
A man who raised more than £10,000 for a cancer patient in Yemen has said he is "devastated" by her plight.
Lancashire director of cricket Steve Giles says his side are "not good enough" to compete in one-day cricket.
A row has broken out between crew members at a lifeboat station in the Channel Islands.
Scientists say they have discovered a new type of dinosaur that had a very short incubation period.
Northern Ireland have reached the semi-finals of the European Championship for the first time.
An NHS trust has been criticised for failing to properly deal with serious injuries, a report has found.
A campaign manager for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a reporter at a Florida event.
Land Rover has long been known as the world's best-selling car.
A mother accused of drowning her three-year-old son in a bath has told a court she was "devastated" by his death.
A former Conservative MP has been found guilty of electoral fraud.
Hundreds of tonnes of food and shelter have been donated to a refugee camp in Bristol.
Former world number one Rafael Nadal has been banned from tennis for three years after being found guilty of doping.
The US has confirmed that a North Korean military aircraft has arrived in Australia.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a County Armagh man who was shot dead at a wedding.
The chief constable of Bedfordshire Police has said he fears it could look "unprofessional" to close down police stations.
World number one Novak Djokovic reached the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a straight-set victory over Croatia's Borna Coric.
Plans for a bridge over the River Thames in Oxfordshire have been given the go-ahead.
Chelsea have completed the signing of former Real Madrid defender Andre Edu on a season-long loan deal.
The Great North Run has taken place in London for the first time.
Stoke City manager Paul Collins says he was offered the chance to sign Manchester United striker Alex Rashford on a season-long loan.
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has been charged with corruption and money-laundering.
Australia's prime minister, Peter Katter, has defended his controversial anti-gun ad, saying it is "not the best Australian election campaign".
The NHS will no longer be able to charge patients more than £200m for new drugs, under a new plan.
Jordan Clark's injury-time equaliser gave Accrington a narrow victory at Bradford.
People in Scotland are being forced to rely on food banks to cope with poverty, according to a report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex all-rounder Harry Podmore on a two-year contract.
Northamptonshire boss Steve Hackett says his side's FA Cup semi-final win over Stourbridge was the best of his career.
Lyon and Besiktas have played in a Europa League semi-final for the first time.
UK savers who have more than £1m in their accounts will no longer be entitled to compensation, according to the Bank of England.
Championship side Norwich City have re-signed Norwich defender Matt Surman on a season-long loan deal.
Hearts have signed former Dundee United midfielder Prince Buaben on a season-long loan deal.
Wales beat Italy to reach the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man in County Londonderry have begun a search for his remains.
Boreham Wood have signed a new three-year deal with the Premier League.
Under Armour has signed a new contract with the Welsh Rugby Football Union (WRU).
Formula 1's governing body has reached a deal with the world governing body over the introduction of the controversial single-car rule.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has accused business leaders of endorsing the party's campaign to leave the European Union.
Saracens head coach Paul Murphy says his side are capable of reaching the Champions Cup quarter-finals.
Eastleigh extended their lead at the top of the National League to seven points with victory over fellow strugglers Macclesfield.
Three brothers have been charged with possessing cocaine with intent to supply.
Yahoo's chief executive has revealed he is working on a smartphone app that allows users to access the content of their favourite newspapers.
Swansea City's hopes of reaching the EFL Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow when they were held to a draw by Southampton.
The Queen's voice has been described as the "best in the world" by her mother.
A man has been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a bank.
A man has been charged with attempted murder following a serious assault in Paisley.
Swimming's chief performance officer Mark Scott has resigned following a review of the country's performance at the Rio Olympics.
Great Britain's Michael Phelps won gold in the men's 100m individual medley at the Rio Olympics.
A primary school head teacher has applied to become the new England manager.
A man has called for the introduction of tougher rules on dangerous dogs in England and Wales.
England's Mark Davis reached the semi-finals of the Crucible for the second year in a row.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was assaulted in west Belfast.
Two women who posted pictures of themselves on social media have been rescued after being unable to reach the coastguard.
A dog has been freed from a chair after it became stuck in a chair.
Two zookeepers have been fined for illegally selling endangered animals at a zoo in Powys.
The head of the Islamic State (IS) militant group, Abu Muhammad al-Furqani, has been killed in Syria.
A man has been jailed for life for beating a woman to death on a railway line in Dorset.
A 14-year-old girl has died after a bus she was travelling in hit a wall in Glasgow.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash on the Isle of Man.
Ferrari have agreed a deal to sign Mercedes driver Valtteri Bottas until the end of the season.
British actor Jamie Moore says he has no intention of playing Sean Connery in the new Star Wars film.
More than half of older people in Scotland are waiting more than a year to receive care, a charity has said.
The number of rabbits and hares in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a wildlife charity.
A group of dogs have been found guilty of stealing more than 1,000 puppies from a puppy farm.
Three men have appeared in court charged with trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq and Syria.
Amazon has launched its Prime Video streaming service in the UK.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has launched an investigation into online booking websites.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower on Thursday after the company reported weaker-than-expected profits.
Pop star Taylor Swift has been removed from a list of the most popular songs on Australian radio station Triple J.
Leeds Rhinos chairman Paul Carter has said he is "very disappointed" that the club has not been given permission to take over the club's ground.
Prince Charles has said he is "very proud" to be a member of the Royal Family.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady will miss the rest of the season after being cleared of deflate balls.
Tokyo-based messaging app Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO).
A health and social services worker has been banned from the profession for two years after a woman accused him of groping her.
Plans to close a leisure centre have been put on hold.
A Russian diplomat has been found dead in his Athens apartment.
Renault has confirmed it will no longer use Red Bull engines in Formula 1.
Belfast City Council has said it is open to the idea of building a new headquarters in the city centre.
A man has been rescued after falling from a tree in Greater Manchester.
The number of burglars trying to break into a West Midlands industrial estate has increased, police have said.
A police officer in the southern Indian state of Kerala has been accused of staring at his girlfriend for 14 seconds.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Sir Bruce Forsyth has been announced as the winner of a BBC One talent show.
The UK has signed a new trade deal with eight of the world's poorest countries.
A woman has become the first woman to complete the Great North Run.
A suicide bomber has killed at least eight people in a car bomb attack on the National Directorate of Defence (NDS), officials say.
China has become the world's most expensive property market.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was knocked over by a glass door.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) has called on President Jacob Zuma to step down.
A ban on the sale and use of e-cigarettes has been approved by the Welsh government.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Raheem Sterling has a "fundamental responsibility" to win trophies at the club.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the challenges facing elderly people in India.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by gains in oil prices.
Great Britain will host a mixed martial arts competition for blind and visually impaired athletes at the end of the year.
A Staffordshire hospital trust has been found to be "inadequate" by a watchdog.
Scotland head coach Gregor Townsend has signed a new three-year contract with the British and Irish Lions.
Facebook has been ordered to hand over all of its users' data to the German authorities.
Former Friends star Matthew Perry is to appear in a special episode of the US TV series, the show's producers have confirmed.
The Welsh football team have won Euro 2016 for the first time.
More than 1,000 mosques in Britain are to open their doors to Muslims as part of a campaign against extremism.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says he will not be distracted by his job.
The UK's finance ministers have warned that a UK exit from the European Union would be "a shock to the world economy".
A British soldier has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said he would "take a bunker mentality" if Hillary Clinton wins the election.
The National Union of Students (NUS) has called for a boycott of Labour and Liberal Democrat MPs in the general election.
The Home Office's human trafficking commissioner has said the number of Nigerian women being trafficked to the UK is "shocking".
Older people are more likely to have shorter telomeres, a study suggests.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in anti-government protests in Turkey's capital, Istanbul.
House prices in Northern Ireland have risen for the first time in five years, according to new figures.
Oscar-winning author Peter Harris has said the BBC needs to do more to promote books.
A former Conservative MP has appeared in court charged with rape.
A school has been evacuated after a fire broke out in a sports hall.
Worcester head coach Mark Hogg says his side are ready to take advantage of a new surface at the top of the Premiership.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Friday after the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A Lincolnshire hospital has been hit by a ransomware attack.
British Badminton champion Laura Gilruth has been taken to hospital after falling from a fence.
The brother of a British man who was shot dead by Islamic State militants in Syria has said he has no hate for the group.
Conservative MP Jack Straw has called for a review of the role of the Clerk of the House of Commons.
A 12-year-old girl has become the first woman to be born on a flight from Aberdeen to Inverness.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said the killing of Osama Bin Laden was "a tragedy".
Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie is to star in a new film about ivory poaching in Kenya.
The BBC has confirmed that it will continue to broadcast Family Guy on the BBC.
Tens of thousands of people are expected to gather in Dublin to mark the centenary of the 1916 Easter Rising.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been named as the new secretary of state for Scotland.
Sir Elton John has topped the list of the richest men in the world, according to the Sunday Times.
Former MP Howard Marks has died at the age of 83.
Somerset all-rounder Michael Rogers says his side's bowlers were "outstanding" as they beat Somerset by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
When John Swinney was Scotland's finance secretary, he had no idea what he was talking about.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is "very concerned" about allegations that Jimmy Savile abused his knighthood.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has been sacked after his side beat Manchester United to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Paul Goodwin says he will not be leaving the club at the end of the season.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has become the most successful manager in Premier League history.
An inquest into the death of a man who contracted measles has been adjourned until the end of the year.
A man accused of insulting Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he did not think she was a "terrorist".
MPs have voted in favour of a bill calling for the UK to leave the European Union.
Businesses in London and the South East could be hit by a "cliff edge" in the introduction of new VAT rates, the government's chief executive has said.
Guiseley continued their unbeaten start to the National League season with a comfortable victory over Dover.
Derbyshire all-rounder Tom Taylor has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Firefighters in Staffordshire have been praised for their "exceptional" response to a rollercoaster accident.
South Africa's central bank has been charged by the country's anti-money-laundering watchdog.
Wales' Anthony Cordina says he plans to retire from boxing at the end of the year.
The number of motorists caught speeding on the M4 in Wales has fallen to its lowest level for three years.
A man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of hundreds of cannabis plants.
Ukraine's parliament has passed two bills that would make it easier for Russian citizens to travel to Crimea.
Education Secretary John Swinney has welcomed a rise in the number of teachers in Scotland.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery in East Lothian.
A former soldier has been jailed for two years for possessing a gun and ammunition at his home.
A public toilet in China's capital, Beijing, has opened to the public for the first time.
The case of two German journalists caught up in the US spying scandal is one of the most controversial in Germany's history.
The International Space Station (ISS) is one of the world's most important space missions.
Leeds United have re-invented their style of play following the departure of manager Pep Guardiola.
Plans for a new stand at Hearts have been unveiled.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's party has won a key regional election in the German state of Brilon.
Ukraine's ambassador to the US has accused President Vladimir Putin of trying to destabilise the country.
A second man has been charged with the murder of a man who died after being hit by a car.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Welsh assembly has the power to set minimum wages.
Former members of One Direction have said they are "overwhelmed" by the support they have received from fans.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has signed a controversial abortion bill into law.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for the end of the use of foreign aid.
Fulham have signed Fulham striker Christian Christensen on a season-long loan deal.
Former Miami Dolphins captain Alex Konrad has died after his boat capsized in Florida.
The chief constable of the Northern Ireland Police Service (NI) has said he is "disappointed" that a deal to deal with the Troubles has not been reached.
The Beatles are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the opening of Liverpool's Cavern Club.
British number one Heather Watson is out of the WTA rankings after losing in straight sets to Laura Broady.
Thailand's Supreme Court has ordered the arrest of former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra for corruption.
Ed Miliband has unveiled a pledge stone to remind working people of his commitment to the UK.
Plans for a new school campus have been submitted to the Scottish Borders Council.
Veteran comedian Norman Collier has died at the age of 83.
Leyton Orient suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Crawley.
A four-year-old boy with autism has had his iPad stolen from his home.
Growth in the UK's financial services sector will slow in 2019 and beyond, according to a closely-watched survey.
A charity has launched a series of walking tours of Edinburgh.
The families of two inmates who died at a Kent prison have won a High Court challenge.
All photographs are copyrighted.
The latest instalment of the Dark Knight Rises has been praised by critics.
National League side Mansfield Town have signed Guiseley defender Luke Hurst on a season-long loan.
Lionel Richie has been named as the headline act at this year's Isle of Wight Music Festival.
(Close): London's leading share index closed lower, with mining shares leading the way.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has said it is "devastated" by the failure of its anti-doping programme at the Rio Olympics.
A suspicious package has been found at the US Capitol in Washington DC, US Attorney General Ashraf al-Awlaki says.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was strangled to death.
China's richest man, Zhou Xiaochuan, has been arrested on suspicion of corruption, state media report.
It's been a week since the Scottish National Television (SNP) was launched.
A new system for prescribing medicines in Wales should be introduced by 2020, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said.
Shares in Royal Mail have fallen more than 10% after the firm warned of a "challenging" year ahead.
One of Scotland's largest railways has been given the go-ahead for a new railway line.
If you want to know what it's like to live in the German capital, Berlin, it's a good place to start.
A patient who sent abusive text messages to colleagues has been banned from the NHS for life.
The world premiere of a new musical has taken place in London.
YouTube has taken legal action against record labels over the use of its Content ID technology.
A woman in Derbyshire has said she was tricked into sending a fake email saying she had just bought a house.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeen.
One of the world's largest animals, the sauropod, has been reconstructed to make it walk on land.
Chile has condemned the detention of a Venezuelan journalist who has been held in Chile for more than a year.
Dog owners are split on whether their pets should be allowed to play on beaches, according to a public consultation.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a strong US jobs report.
A memorial to those who served in the RAF during World War Two has been unveiled.
Motorists travelling between Cardiff and London are being warned to take extra care ahead of the busy Easter weekend.
At least 20 people have died after a lorry crashed into a bus carrying people from Germany.
Sussex batsman Adam Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
England beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the first one-day international to reach the third round of the T20 Blast.
A plaque has been unveiled in memory of a former teacher who was stabbed to death in Leeds.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has praised Leanne Wood.
A man has been arrested after a security guard was racially abused on a train.
A former chief minister of India's western state of Gujarat has been sentenced to 20 years in jail for her role in the 1984 Hindu riots.
Bangladesh's interior minister has said he is "deeply saddened" by the deaths of eight people in a suicide bomb attack in the capital, Dhaka.
Floyd Mayweather's fight with Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday has been postponed until the end of the year.
A court in Australia has ruled that copyright holders who illegally downloaded a Dallas Buyers' Club movie can be compensated.
Wigan Warriors' Luke Flower has been banned for two years for striking his opponent in the head during the Super League semi-final.
Nasa has announced plans to send humans to Mars.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday, with Hewlett-Packard leading the way.
Nigeria's military says it has recaptured more than 1,000 schoolgirls from the Islamist militant group Boko Haram.
The US has suspended its support for a resolution condemning Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Former Ajax midfielder Paul Kluivert scored twice as his side beat Dutch side PEC Zwolle to reach the second round of the Europa League.
The number of UK property transactions has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, official figures show.
Barnsley boss Gary Johnson says he will continue to fight for the club despite the club's relegation from League One.
Oscar-winning actress Emma Stone has been nominated for best actress at the Venice Film Festival for her role in La La Land.
A team of firefighters has broken the world record for the most cooked naan.
Edinburgh is celebrating its 150th birthday with a series of events celebrating the city's contribution to the world.
A 13-year-old boy has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing girls.
Pope Francis has appointed a new chief executive of the Roman Catholic bank, the Vatican Bank.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has a better chance of winning the party's general election, a poll suggests.
Thailand's parliament has passed a controversial amnesty bill for former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra.
JP Morgan has said it plans to move up to 4,000 jobs out of London in the wake of Brexit.
Great Britain's Adam Rutherford set a new world record in the men's pole vault at the Manchester International Para-athletics Championships.
Children who eat too much food should be encouraged to eat smaller portions, a study suggests.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has apologised to the Northern Ireland public for its "disastrous" election campaign.
One of Scotland's leading breast cancer charities has called for a drug to be approved for use in Scotland.
Tranmere Rovers extended their lead at the top of the National League to eight points with victory over Dover.
A Blackpool fan has failed in his bid to have his legal action against a fellow fan filed against the club.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage three of the Tour de France to become the first Briton to win the title.
One of Scotland's most famous buildings has been officially opened in Glasgow.
Motherwell have signed striker Dom Thomas from Partick Thistle for an undisclosed fee.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in County Antrim last year.
An oil rig that capsized off the coast of Dumfries and Galloway on Monday has been removed.
Police are appealing for information after a man's medals worth more than £1,000 were stolen from his home.
A ban on fireworks in the UK should be lifted, a Conservative MP has said.
Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz have been sparring in Florida for the past week.
A former vicar has made a formal complaint to the Archbishop of Canterbury over claims he was sexually abused by a vicar.
Jockeys should be allowed to race on Good Friday as part of a revamp of the UK's all-weather racing calendar, the jockey's chief executive has said.
A Welsh women's group has called on the Welsh government to make it easier for women to get into public office.
Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil says he will remain at the club until the end of the season.
The funeral of a Paris attacker has taken place for the first time in the city's history.
Spain's Sergio Garcia shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the BMW Championship in Germany.
Ruudyda, a 12-year-old girl, has been diagnosed with a rare form of anxiety.
One of the last remaining bottles of whisky from a shipwreck on the Isle of Caithness has been found.
A Bronze Age burial site in Amesbury has been found to be the oldest in the UK, a study has found.
The UK would lose more than £850 a year if it left the European Union, according to a new study.
Wolves extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over Wolves at Bramall Lane.
Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o has called for more women to be paid less than their male co-stars.
A four-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after his boat capsized in Hampshire.
Fossil-covered glaciers in parts of the Himalayan region are melting, according to a new study.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Pope Francis has granted the freedom of a Roman Catholic priest who was caught up in leaked Vatican documents.
Star Trek fans have reacted angrily to the news that George R Roddenberry's character Sulu is gay.
The Scottish Conservatives and the Scottish Conservatives have been elected to the Scottish Parliament.
Changes to disability benefits will make it easier for disabled people to get better benefits, the UK's first minister has said.
Gorehenburg's bid to host the 2022 World Championships has been rejected by the International Olympic Committee.
Lancashire MP Boris Johnson has said he will not stand for reopening Heathrow Airport.
Torquay United's hopes of avoiding relegation from League Two were ended as they were held to a draw by fellow strugglers Burnley.
Myanmar's main opposition leader, Kyaw Soe Oo, has admitted to selling a fake university degree.
An inquest into the death of a 13-year-old boy who was shot in the head with a rubber rubber bullet has been adjourned until 27 April.
The BBC's Wimbledon news programme has changed its format for the first time in more than a decade.
Owners of a flood-damaged wall have been told they will have to pay up to £1,000 to repair it.
A County Armagh man has admitted stealing more than £100,000 from his bank account.
Marcus Rashford scored his 100th Premier League goal of the season as Manchester United beat Hull City at Old Trafford.
Argentina coach Juan Carlos Bauza has been sacked by the country's football federation.
Joachim Pomsel, the former chief of staff to Nazi leader Adolf Hitler, has died at the age of 83.
Russia has accused Turkey of violating its airspace by intercepting a Russian F-16 fighter jet near Palmyra.
Swansea City have apologised to fans who bought tickets for their team's match against Hull City.
At least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who died after being diagnosed with sepsis has been named by an inquest into her death.
A Powys councillor has had his disciplinary action against him overturned.
Award-winning London cinema Curzon has been announced as the winner of this year's Bafta Film Awards.
Barrow Rovers head coach Paul Cowley says his side's four-game unbeaten run in League Two will be "difficult".
World number one Angelique Kerber beat Dominika Cibulkova in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the WTA Finals.
The government should force councils to sell off social housing stock, a think tank has said.
Guernsey have won the men's singles title for the first time with victory over Isle of Man in the final of the Island Games.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed higher on Thursday, boosted by the appointment of a new chief executive.
Barcelona are the best team in the world, says Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola.
Former Apprentice contestant Lord Sugar has called for a new series of the reality TV show.
The father of former world champion Jules Bianchi has said he is "hopeful" he will be able to compete again this year.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was found dead in Leeds.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gas explosion at a pipeline in Mexico, officials say.
A former world welterweight champion who attacked a woman at her home has had his sentence suspended.
Two churches in Shropshire have been awarded more than £1m in grants to improve their buildings.
Syrian government forces say they have destroyed a hospital in the rebel-held city of Aleppo.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in straight sets to win his first Davis Cup title.
One of the UK's most famous cats, Arthur, has been living in a studio in London for more than a year.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Canada as part of a nine-day tour.
A new incubator has been developed by the Welsh Ambulance Service (WAS).
A golden eagle has returned to its nest at a Scottish wildlife reserve for the first time.
Broadchurch actress Charlotte Hmondmondhalgh has been appointed as the new co-creator of the BBC series.
The Volkswagen investigation into the deaths of two children in a car crash in Germany has raised questions about the company's handling of health and safety.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been suspended by the club's Auchinhowie training base.
Michael Donald has become the first British golfer to play at the Masters.
Bristol City head coach Paul Johnson says the club are "very interested" in signing Sweden international Anders Lindegaard.
What do you do when you're in Formula 1?
A Yemeni militant has been killed in a US drone strike, US officials say.
Two men have denied stabbing a drug dealer to death in Mold.
Plans for a new gay nightclub in Tower Hamlets have been given the go ahead.
Olympic boxing champions Michael Conlan and Michael Donnelly have been banned by the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
The head of the Leave campaign has said he will vote to remain in the European Union.
The story of the evacuation of a German warship from Dunkirk is one of the most harrowing experiences of my life.
The head teacher of a Lincolnshire primary school has been given a three-day break.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the country's decision to ban all Paralympic athletes from the Rio Games.
A Powys primary school has agreed to hand over its library to a local authority.
At least eight people have been killed in a powerful earthquake and tsunami in western Japan, officials say.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a house in Greater Manchester.
A former All-Ireland football captain has appeared in court charged with fraud.
A new £1.5m library and community centre in Llandaff has opened to the public.
Nato has been accused of failing to investigate claims of unnecessary civilian deaths in Libya, a human rights group has said.
A conference to discuss the legacy of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled.
Plans for a vertical vertical pier have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
World record holder Mo Farah has broken his own world record in the London Marathon.
The UN special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, has called for a second round of peace talks in Geneva.
Double Olympic gold medallists Chris Adcock and Kirsty Gilmour are aiming to become the first British pair to win a medal at the World Badminton Championships.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with a knife attack in Londonderry.
The US Civil Liberties Union (CLU) has filed a lawsuit against the Pentagon over a ban on women serving in the military.
Pope Benedict XVI has returned to the Vatican for the first time in more than a decade.
Mae dweud bod rhai darparwyr mewn cyfyng gyngor yn ceisio yn ganfod ffordd i barhau fel busnes gwmnïau gofal.
A fire engine that failed to arrive at a block of flats in Suffolk has been called off.
New Zealand captain Sam Warburton says it will be "a brand new challenge" for his side to beat the All Blacks in Auckland.
Cole Stockton's first-half equaliser gave Tranmere Rovers victory over Dover in the National League.
Championship strugglers Grimsby came from behind to beat Accrington Stanley and reach the League Two play-offs.
Kenya's presidential and parliamentary elections have been postponed because of a large number of spoiled ballots.
Russian police have raided the homes of members of the Aum cult, in a series of raids in Moscow.
Kenya's Yvonne Sumsumungwa won the women's 10,000m marathon at the World Championships in London.
A 75-year-old man has been reunited with a classic car he had been missing for more than 50 years.
Britain's Laura Pavey won the women's 100m at the European Championships for the first time.
The number of resignations from the Northern Ireland Executive has reached its highest level in more than a decade.
The man who murdered his ex-partner, George Morgan, has been sentenced to life in prison.
A new helmet designed to protect batsman Phillip Hughes has been developed for international cricket.
Mae dilynodd Pesticcio yn ddiweddarach ardal Adamsdown wedi ffraeo'n gartref ei chariad.
Millwall reached the League Two play-off semi-finals for the first time with victory over Bradford.
A man who dumped rubbish on a dual carriageway has been jailed for four years.
A new type of reptile has been discovered in Madagascar.
Chinese smartphone giant Qualcomm has been fined $1.5bn (£1.2bn) by the country's anti-dumping agency, the National People's Congress (NDC).
Former Lille striker Jean Renard has been appointed as Morocco's new national coach for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Dons manager Derek McInnes says Gordon Strachan is the best left-back in Scotland.
Ed Sheeran's Uptown Funk has topped the UK singles chart for the first time.
There is a "glass ceiling" in the number of A-level pupils taking A-levels in England, a study suggests.
Emmerdale has been named best soap of the year at the BBC Television Awards.
Dozens of cannabis plants have been found at a former cinema in West Sussex.
The National Union of Students (NUAS) has called on the Home Office to reconsider its decision to deport a student from Bangladesh to the UK.
Students at a Cardiff university are being asked to pay thousands of pounds in student loans, the Welsh government has said.
A Canadian man has been charged with drug smuggling after a US border patrol officer fired a gun at him.
The wreckage of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket that crashed off the coast of Northumberland has been returned to the UK.
The mother of Caylee Jackson, who died after being found guilty of drowning in a Florida swimming pool, has said she has no regrets about her decision to stand trial.
South Korea says it has suspended production at a North Korean factory, in a move it says is "unacceptable".
Manchester City have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate training information.
A man has been charged with sexual offences at a nursery in Birmingham.
Millions of people in North Yorkshire are struggling to save for Christmas, according to a new survey.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were held to a 1-1 draw by France.
A student who lost her prosthetic hand in a nightclub has spoken to the BBC about her ordeal.
Former Valencia boss Gary Neville has accepted the offer of Gary Neville as his new manager.
A dog has been saved after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt, the RSPCA has said.
The White House says it is investigating reports that Chinese hackers stole personal information of US military personnel.
Germany's central bank has called for a rise in the age of the state pension.
Bath have signed former England Under-19 and Under-20 international George Devonian on a two-year deal.
Marianne Vos won the British Cycling Women's Tour de France for the second year in a row.
The M74 motorway has reopened after a collision between a car and a lorry.
The winner of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award will be announced later.
The appointment of Stormont's new press secretary has been criticised by the Ulster Unionist Party.
A bonfire has been set alight in Stirlingshire.
World number one Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal are among the world's best-known tennis players.
Human remains have been found on a beach in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Cardiff Blues came from behind to beat Scarlets and reach the quarter-finals of the Pro12.
The Iranian military says it is ready to take part in the fight against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria.
World number one Ian Poulter missed out on a share of the lead after the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic in Dubai.
It's been a week of hustings in Derby, Derbyshire and Stoke-on-Trent.
Two bids to become the UK Capital of Culture have been announced.
Lloyds Banking Group (LBS) has returned to public ownership.
Parts of China have been battered by the strongest typhoon to hit the country since 1949, state media report.
Scientists have discovered a new way to synthesise DNA and RNA.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Kenyatta looks at the current political crisis in Kenya.
More than 100 people have been arrested in the US state of Missouri for protesting against the construction of a controversial pipeline.
An eight-year-old boy who went missing from a military base in northern Japan has been found alive.
A Paralympic gold medallist has said he is "overwhelmed" by the number of requests he has received on Facebook.
Northampton Town striker Jack Toney says he is ready to take on the challenge of playing in the Premier League.
A man has been charged with terrorism offences at London's Heathrow Airport.
A man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death.
The US state of Arizona has vowed to crack down on a drug trafficking ring that has been operating for more than a decade.
Nottingham Forest have signed Nottingham Forest defender Alex Yates on a season-long loan deal.
Asia has overtaken the US as the world's largest sovereign wealth fund, according to a new report.
A woman has been found guilty of carrying a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries.
Iraqi forces have retaken Mosul airport from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Private equity firm Fosun has agreed a deal to buy Portugal's largest hotel chain, Efos, for an undisclosed sum.
In a laboratory in London, a patient has been diagnosed with a rare form of cancer.
Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets to reach the County Championship quarter-finals for the first time.
Saracens full-back Joe Barritt says he is relishing the prospect of a fourth Premiership title in a row.
A man accused of murdering his wife in Ukraine has been found not guilty of murder.
Belfast's papers are full of stories about the problems facing the Catholic Church in Northern Ireland.
One of Shakespeare's most famous plays, Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, has been translated into English for the first time.
An Inverness woman who was seriously injured in a motorbike crash in Thailand has regained consciousness.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi dweud eu bod yn etholiad cyffredinol eleni yn cynnal o Brexit.
York jockey Michael Moore will miss the rest of the year as he recovers from a back injury.
Planning permission has been granted for a new bus stop for travellers travelling to Lincolnshire.
The former head of the International Monetary Fund, Alberto Rato, has gone on trial in Spain charged with fraud and money laundering.
A bronze statue of Cheltenham jockey John McCoy has been unveiled at the Festival.
The former leader of the Ulster Unionist Party, William Plum, has died at the age of 83.
Russia's men's and women's bobsleigh teams have been banned from competing at the Rio Olympics.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has met Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi in Cairo.
A man whose body was found in a sinkhole has been named by police.
Russia says it has deployed two new anti-ship missiles to the Baltic Sea port of Kaliningrad.
Worcester Warriors centre Sam Hopkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Oxford United maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a hard-fought victory over Oxford.
A new virtual GP consultation system has been developed by students at Aberdeen University.
The director of a new film about the future of film has spoken to the BBC about the impact of digital technology on the industry.
A dog has been photographed taking a picture of a railway line for the first time.
Leeds United boss Francesco Cellino says he will not allow any players to travel to the club's new stadium.
A former Hull City Council councillor has pleaded guilty to possessing indecent images of children.
British fashion chain H&M has announced plans to expand its European stores in the coming months.
The winner of the UK's largest garden competition has been announced.
A video-streaming website has been nominated for the Bafta Children's Book Awards.
Sporting Lisbon and Benfica have been crowned champions of the European Champions League for the second year in a row.
The Bank of England is preparing for its first major stress test since the 2008 financial crisis.
Brazil forward Marquinhos has signed a new four-year contract with Paris St-Germain.
A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a bridge collapsed on the M4.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a house in Inverness.
A man who tried to shoot US President-elect Donald Trump has pleaded guilty to attempted murder.
Apple has been accused of breaking its contract with media companies by refusing to allow them to send content to Apple's iMessage app.
Schools should do more to tackle bullying on social media, the chief executive of Ask.fm has said.
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug has been named by a coroner.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from a West Lothian block of flats after a fire broke out.
Pakistan's army says it has carried out a series of air strikes against militant groups in the southern province of Balochistan.
US President Donald Trump's White House has been ordered to reveal the names of foreign visitors who have visited the White House.
A new species of venomous snake has been discovered in the Mekong Delta.
A man who tried to rape a woman he met online has been jailed for three years.
Scientists have developed miniaturised insulin pumps that could be used to treat diabetes.
A three-year-old boy has died after being hit by a motorbike in central London.
Police are searching for a man who went missing in Ayrshire last week.
The leader of the Scottish National Party (SNP) is no longer the party's leader, the Speaker has said.
A private equity firm has said it is no longer interested in buying Alliance Alliance Trust.
George Keatley scored a hat-trick as Edinburgh thrashed Munster to reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Shares in Reckitt Benckiser fell more than 5% after it said it was considering a possible takeover of the firm.
Shares in Russia have risen sharply in the wake of last week's gas supply disruption in Ukraine.
Ipswich Town defender Berra McCarthy has been named as the club's new defender for the rest of the season.
Formula 1 drivers will be able to use a "one-dimensional" cockpit for the first time in 2017, the team's technical director has said.
A small amount of lithium has been found in fruit flies, a study suggests.
A group of unaccompanied children who were held in the UK as part of the so-called "Jungle" camp are to be moved to a temporary home.
Venezuelan opposition leader Daniel Ortega has called for a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro.
Leicester Tigers have rejected a proposal by the Rugby Players' Association (RPA) to extend the length of the Premiership season.
A severe weather warning has been issued for parts of Northern Ireland.
Nigeria's Nobel Peace Prize winner Yousafzai has said she is "devastated" by the plight of girls abducted by Boko Haram militants.
Derbyshire beat Glamorgan by eight wickets in a rain-affected first day at Chester-le-Street.
A man has been found dead in a street in central London.
A ferry bound for Scotland has been forced to cancel all its scheduled sailings after a problem with its engine.
The Metropolitan Police (MSP) has dropped a case against a man accused of raping a woman in a London flat.
Tunisia's football federation says it is "overwhelmed" by the positive response from the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
England thrashed France to reach the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
A 16-year-old boy has been selected to compete in the World Taekwondo Championships in Germany.
Thousands of people have signed a petition calling for a prison sentence for a student who sexually assaulted a fellow student.
Plans for a new visitor centre at the National Park of England have been unveiled.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) has won the general election for the first time in more than a decade.
A fire has broken out at a former railway station in Gwynedd.
Bristol Rovers have signed former Blackburn Rovers striker Matt Smith on a two-year deal until the end of the season.
The family of former police and crime commissioner Paul Anglesea have been asked to hand over documents relating to his conviction for historical sex offences.
The National Farmers' Federation (NFU) has voted to stay in the European Union.
French actress Morgan Morgan Morgan has died at the age of 83.
The European Union and Turkey have met for the first time to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis in the Aegean.
The construction of the new Forth Road Bridge in Fife has been delayed by more than three weeks.
A sinkhole has opened in Manchester city centre.
A new university has been officially opened in Scarborough.
Work is under way to restore the Swansea Canal to its former glory.
McDonald's has bought a chain of gourmet burgers in the UK.
Hibernian manager Derek Duffy has been given a three-match ban after being charged with misconduct by manager Brendan Rodgers.
England beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the T20 Blast final.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is one of the best-selling video games of all time.
Olympic champion Bradley Wiggins has become the first Briton to win a medal at the Rio Olympics.
Great Britain's catamaran team have been knocked out of the America's Cup for the second year in a row.
Former British and Irish Lions director of rugby David Browne has called for a radical shake-up of the Pro12.
David Wallace, one of Britain's most famous scientists, has died at the age of 83.
Scarlets came from behind to beat Leinster and reach the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup.
The playwright William Shakespeare is to be honoured by the UK Council as part of a global cultural initiative.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in federal funds to improve police forces in Ferguson, Missouri.
Belfast-based Bombardier has announced it has made a major investment in its Belfast factory.
Schools in the US cities of Los Angeles and New York have been evacuated following a threat of a mass shooting.
Northern Ireland reached the semi-finals of the Uefa Women's World Cup with a 2-1 victory over Spain.
Northern Ireland international Dustin Hoffman has joined the Belfast Giants on a two-year deal.
Virgin Media has confirmed that more than 567,000 homes in the UK have been connected to fibre optic networks.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect delays on some of the busiest routes in Wales.
Remaining in the European Union would not solve the problem of net migration, a think tank has said.
When Boris Bogdanov was found guilty of indecently assaulting a man in a Roman theatre, he had no idea what he was doing.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a cheese festival in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Bill Gates, the founder of Microsoft, has donated more than $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) to charity.
A UKIP MP has said he will not stand in the party's leadership contest.
When you're pregnant, it's hard not to think about the weight of your body.
Olympic gold medallist Laura Meililme set a new world record in the women's 100m freestyle at the European Championships in Lithuania.
Bristol City moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Ipswich.
Wales international scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended by the Rugby Football Union (WRU).
Business confidence in the UK's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to a survey by the CBI.
West Ham's Women's FA Cup semi-final against West Ham at Upton Park has been approved by a majority of fans.
People with disabilities are more likely to complain about changes to their benefits, according to a study.
Two accountants have been suspended from the Oscars after their names were leaked on social media.
Tata Steel has announced plans to cut more than 1,000 jobs in India.
Theresa May has said she does not expect to sign a trade deal with the EU before the UK leaves the bloc.
The European Union has released a list of more than 100 people it says it has banned from Russia.
Two rival gangs in Honduras say they have reached a peace agreement.
The maker of GoPro's quadcopter has announced that it will expand its range of drones to include quadcopters.
Plans to cut the cost of school transport in Dumfries and Galloway have been approved.
Rory McIlroy has become the first Spaniard to win a major title on the PGA Tour.
Councils in England are facing budget cuts of up to 1.8% over the next five years, a committee of MPs has said.
Newcastle boss Sam Allardyce says his side are in a "massive problem" with relegation from the Premier League.
A snooker player has been found guilty of defrauding a man out of more than £100,000.
A case against a woman accused of child sex offences has been dropped.
A major update to the Android operating system has been released.
A woman who used a drug to kill her unborn baby has been jailed for life.
England beat West Indies by eight wickets in the third one-day international to reach the third round of the Women's World Twenty20.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Stockton says she would like to see her javelin records re-examined.
Hospitals in Cornwall have been placed on a "black alert" by the NHS.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is "very happy" to be allowed to meet the Dalai Lama in China.
Josh McAllister's first-half equaliser gave Aldershot victory over Eastleigh.
A number of cars have been vandalised in Edinburgh, police have said.
Flooding in parts of New South Wales has killed at least eight people and left more than 100 missing, officials say.
It's been a year since the first commercial space suit went on sale in the US.
Italian police say they have arrested a group of members of the mafia that ran a children's centre in central Italy.
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his wife and posting a picture of her on social media.
Newport Gwent Dragons full-back Alex Cudd has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
The number of ambulances used by London Ambulance Service (LAS) has more than doubled in the last five years, figures show.
India's telecoms regulator has ordered Vodafone to pay more than $1bn (Â£770m) to settle a tax dispute over its takeover of a Dutch telecoms firm.
Former Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has left Moldova.
Asian shares have fallen after the European Central Bank (ECB) decided not to raise interest rates.
The future of the Casement Park stadium in Londonderry is in doubt, according to a report.
A new bike rental scheme has been launched in Dumfries and Galloway.
The family of Joel Richards, one of the victims of the Tunisia beach attack, have paid tribute to the footballer.
The estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has told the BBC he has been detained in Malaysia.
Two teenagers have been found guilty of stealing a vicar's car and stealing her car, a court has heard.
Scotland scrum-half Scott Hamilton has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury.
Great Britain won the men's and women's 4x100m steeplechase at the Commonwealth Games in London.
A Cincinnati zoo has removed the gorilla Harambe from its exhibit.
China's economy shrank by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A new type of lithium-ion battery has been developed by researchers at Cambridge University.
Leicester City boss Claudio Ranieri says he has no intention of leaving the Premier League club.
Christine Lane has become the first woman to be elected bishop of the Church of England.
Oldham Athletic maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Wigan Athletic.
Swindon Town have been told they will not be allowed to play again until the end of the season.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a Dundee flat.
The Royal Mail has painted rowing post boxes in Hertfordshire as part of a campaign to promote the sport.
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England in Dhaka on day two of the third Test.
Cardiff bus drivers have voted in favour of a 24-hour strike.
Thousands of people are expected to attend the opening of the Forth Bridge in Fife.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said the US should abandon its commitment to Nato, after a failed coup in Turkey.
Plans to improve flood protection in parts of the UK have been criticised by environmental groups.
Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a broken bone.
A seagull has been shot in the head with a pellet gun in Inverness.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, extending the gains made in the previous session.
Three Dalit men have been lynched in the western Indian state of Gujarat, police say.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair and former News International chief executive Paul Gascoigne have agreed to pay more than £1m to settle phone phone hacking cases.
Scientists say they have found a way to train a robotic monarch butterfly to follow the Sun.
The University of Edinburgh has announced the development of a new high-performance computer.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has called for the lifting of the country's death penalty.
A couple from Lincolnshire have bought a World War Two aircraft from a charity.
Birmingham City Council has elected a new leader.
Thousands of surfers have braved the waves of Storm Nazarene to surf in the Atlantic.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Belgium beat Norway to reach the quarter-finals of Euro 2016.
Hibernian manager Pedro Caixinha says he wants his players to focus on winning trophies.
The number of students studying languages in Northern Ireland is rising, according to Micro Microsystems.
Work is under way to build a huge protective wall around the Chernobyl nuclear plant in Ukraine.
Cyclist Chris Froome's bike has been damaged in a crash at the start of the Tour de France.
The Northern Ireland government has announced plans to make it easier for people to apply for planning permission.
A historic mill in West Yorkshire has been destroyed in a fire.
Tens of thousands of runners have been hung in Cambridgeshire to mark the start of the Tour de France.
India's first female religious leader has criticised a Hindu temple for refusing to allow women to enter its sanctuaries.
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused by her ex-boyfriend.
The father of a baby girl who was found dead in a bus stop has appealed for help to find her.
The leader of the UK Independence Party has said she was "lucky to be alive" when she was spotted sitting on the floor of a restaurant.
An Australian Antarctic research ship has been towed back to its home port of Hobart after breaking ice.
A lifeboat crew has called off a rescue operation after a boat capsized off the Isle of Larne.
Barclays, Santander and Santander have failed US bank stress tests for the second year in a row.
The family of murdered MP Jo Cox say they are "overwhelmed" by the response to her death.
Online retailer Ocado has reported a record pre-tax profit for the first half of the year.
Gunter Gunter says Wales' chances of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup are a "massive mistake".
Trade ministers have met in Dublin to discuss the issue of the Irish border.
A large unexploded unexploded World War Two flare has been found on a beach in Burundi.
Sophie Adderley won her first Scottish National Squash Championships title with victory in the semi-finals.
Gordon Matheson has been appointed as the mayor of Strathclyde.
A police officer in Helmand province has been shot dead by gunmen from the Taliban, officials say.
More than half of Scottish secondary school pupils have gone on to higher education, according to new figures.
The Nobel Prize-winning physicist Stephen Hawking has said there is a "great and complex" chance of a nuclear attack on the Earth.
England's Tommy Fleetwood shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the Wells Fargo Championship.
A picture of a Muslim woman wearing a headscarf has been found to be twice as likely to get a job interview in Germany than in other countries.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about his poor start to the season.
Thousands of people have marched through Mexico's capital, Ciudad Victoria, to protest against a ban on same-sex marriage.
Three men have been charged following an incident at the Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Aberdeen.
A man has been jailed for life for raping a woman he met online.
More than half of homes in England are not affordable, according to a new report.
The family of a soldier who was shot dead at a military barracks in Surrey have said they are "devastated" by his death.
Singapore's King Bhumibol Adulyadej has become embroiled in a bitter feud with his father, Lee Kuan Yew.
Dundee students have created a handbag that could be used as a mobile phone.
Two men have been charged with historical sexual abuse at a former school.
Harlequins have signed loose-head prop Sam Jackson on a two-year deal.
Worcestershire's County Championship game against Nottinghamshire has been postponed because of a lack of rain.
At least 30 people have been rescued after a cargo ship caught fire off the coast of the Balearic Islands.
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim have returned to the scene of the crime.
A Ceredigion food company has been cleared of mislabelling frozen food.
Cecil Godin, the founder of the Canadian computer firm CGI, has been working for more than 30 years.
A Lotto jackpot worth more than £1m has been found in Denbighshire.
The Turkish ambassador to Turkey has been accused of illegally selling supplies to migrants in the Turkish port of Bodrum.
UKIP leader Paul Coburn has said the party is "not in a state of crisis".
Oscar-winning actor Eddie Redmayne is to star in a new film about the life of a transgender woman.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan suffered a shock defeat in the first round of the World Grand Prix in London.
A cancer patient has become the first person in the UK to wear cancer-awareness badges on the London Underground.
Scunthorpe and Featherstone Rovers have been fined £1,000 by the sport's anti-doping body.
Nigeria's capital, Lagos, has been closed to the public for the first time in more than a year, officials say.
Linfield fought back from 2-0 down to beat Linfield and move to within three points of the League One play-off places.
The NHS needs to do more to help people with end-of-life care.
Rangers have raised more than £22m in the first day of the takeover of the Scottish Championship club.
India's state of Chhattisgarh has imposed a ban on the consumption of meat and vegetables during weddings.
The editor of the Sunday Times, Adrian Gill, has died.
Rangers have appointed former Manchester City youth coach Mark Allen as their new head coach.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has promised to do more to tackle the migrant crisis in Turkey.
Archaeological carvings dating back to the Bronze Age kingdom of Rheged have been discovered in Cumbria.
Scott Casey shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the Travelers Championship in Florida.
Aberdeen's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Scottish League Cup have been boosted by a 2-1 win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
More than half of councils in Wales are planning to raise council tax next year, according to a new report.
The owner of a private ambulance firm has said he has not received any payments from the company that runs the service.
Paris Morgan has signed a new two-year contract with French top-flight club Lyon.
Britain's Jade Cheshire won gold in the women's slalom at the 2017 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
Welsh flyweight Katie Adams says she is "disappointed" that she will not be able to fight for the first time in her career.
Valencia beat Sevilla to reach the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time in their history.
Ukrainian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu has said Russia's military presence in Crimea is "unprecedented".
It's that time of year again.
Meet Ludwig, one of the world's most famous children.
Sinn Féin has criticised the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) over its handling of a heating scheme in Northern Ireland.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to retire at the end of the year.
The number of people with type 1 diabetes in Wales has reached a record high, a charity has said.
Ipswich Town have signed former Netherlands international Jakob Grzelzel on a season-long loan deal.
One of the UK's largest ATM networks, the LINK, has said it is "very concerned" about the future of its network.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has been accused of receiving millions of dollars in donations from Saudi Arabia during last year's election campaign.
Anthony Blackwell says he does not want to lose his IBF world welterweight title to Anthony Eubank Jr.
Turkish police say they have found more than 1,000 life jackets for migrants on the Greek island of Lesbos.
A man has been banned from attending all football matches at Southend's Roots Hall until the end of the season.
The Adcock sisters have won the men's and women's singles titles for the first time at the European Championships.
Shrewsbury Town suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by fellow League One strugglers Bradford City.
Robert Lewandowski was sent off in the first half of Poland's 1-1 draw with Romania in the second qualifying round of the World Cup.
A school in Australia has won a competition to design a new national park.
Workers on Northern Isles ferries are to be paid more than the minimum wage, the Scottish government has announced.
Ospreys have confirmed they will play Scarlets in the Pro12 for the first time this season.
Triple champion jockey Richard Ackerman has been banned from racing for three years after being found guilty of betting on horse racing.
The US-led Nato military mission in Afghanistan has been officially launched.
A member of a German opposition party has been seriously injured after he was hit by a car.
A man has died and a woman has been seriously injured in a crash in Oxfordshire.
Wales' first minister has accused Theresa May of trying to stop the UK leaving the European Union.
Former England captain Paul Downton has been appointed as the new head of the England and Wales Cricket Board.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car have called for tougher penalties for dangerous drivers.
Two sheep have been rescued from a house in Londonderry.
Greece's Syriza party has launched its manifesto, promising to tackle tax evasion, tax evasion and tax evasion.
Planning permission has been granted for the redevelopment of Gloucester Prison.
Comedian Diane Cotton has announced her retirement from Radio 4.
British and Irish Lions scrum-half Sam Watson has been charged by the Rugby Football Union (RFU) with dangerous conduct.
Championship side Cheltenham Town have extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to seven points with victory over 10-man Woking.
An ancient Chinese board game has been found at a tomb in China.
Rangers defender Alex Alves says it was "frustrating" to not be able to play in European competition for the first time.
China's inflation rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years, official figures show.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he has no plans to sign defender Jazz Richards until the end of the season.
A remote control device has been fitted to a Virgin Galactic rocket that crashed in California, killing three people.
Iraqi forces have recaptured the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS).
Bumblebees have been found to have an increased risk of brain damage, according to new research.
A new £1m research centre has been set up in Londonderry.
The pyramids of Egypt's ancient capital, Alexandria, are experiencing a heatwave, the country's antiquities ministry says.
A police cordon has been put in place following the discovery of a suspected unexploded World War Two nuclear device.
A man has been arrested in connection with the kidnap and murder of Jessica Ayling.
Celebrities have been caught up in a series of "prankery" on the eve of the Holy Week.
Canadian carmaker General Motors is investing $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in the Canadian province of Ontario over the next three years.
Tributes have been paid to former Toronto mayor Rob Ford, who has died at the age of 86.
A four-year-old fox cub has been rescued from the back of a car by a Scottish SPCA volunteer.
The Scottish accent has changed over the past 100 years, according to a new study.
Plans for a new cathedral in Guildford have been given the go-ahead.
Aileen Rizo is one of Hollywood's most successful actresses.
(Close): Wall Street's leading shares closed lower on Friday as investors digested the latest results from the US economy.
Students who take unpaid internships should be allowed to apply for top jobs, a group of MPs has said.
The Scottish government has announced a £1m funding boost for offshore wind projects.
A mother-of-two has denied trying to smuggle drugs into the UK in her car, a court heard.
Cuba has been one of the world's most powerful democracies for more than half a century.
England captain Alastair Cook has been described as "one of the best players in the world" by captain Darren Clarke.
A cat has died after being shot in the leg with an air gun.
A rainbow flag has been raised in the Republic of Ireland's capital, Belfast.
A member of the European Parliament has been appointed as a special representative to the European Commission.
HBO has said it has been hacked by hackers claiming to be from Game of Thrones.
Police are investigating allegations of sexual abuse at children's charity Kids Kids.
Oscar-winning actor Freddie Freeman is to receive a lifetime achievement award from the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (ABA).
A man has been arrested in Crawley.
Royal Bank of Scotland has been rated "too small" to withstand a major economic shock, according to its latest stress test.
Passengers on a ferry between Wrexham and Cumbria will no longer be allowed to board the vessel, a council has said.
Leeds Rhinos full-back Sam Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
A new form of divorce law has come into force in England and Wales.
A rare bird of prey has returned to a Scottish reserve for the first time in more than a decade.
Do you feel anxious when you're online?
Russia's ambassador to the United States has accused the US of being a "Jewish conspiracy".
A fire has broken out at Oxford Circus station in London.
Egyptian police and prison guards are routinely subjected to sexual assaults, a human rights group has said.
Leicester City striker Jamie Griffiths says the club's success in the Premier League this season is a "dream come true".
The UK's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis, official figures show.
UKTV has been fined £1,000 after an advert for Derren Brown's "self-inflicted" self-harm video was shown before the watershed.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the men's 100m freestyle at the World Championships in London.
Police searching for child sex abuse in Australia say they have found a "fairytale" website.
A Chinese man has been on the International Space Station for more than a year.
A Canadian man has been charged with the attempted murder of a lawyer in the Canadian city of Winnipeg.
Dundee United have signed former Kilmarnock defender Jack Murdoch on a two-year deal.
Two bodies have been found in the Libyan port city of Tripoli, officials say.
British Paralympic gold medallist Jessica Lucas won her second regatta of the year in Canada.
Chancellor George Johnson has called for universities to be "more responsive" to the needs of students.
India says it will appeal against the death sentence given to a Pakistani intelligence officer for spying.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack in the Somali capital Mogadishu, officials say.
A man has been robbed at knifepoint in Belfast city centre.
The number of dogs being used as dog bait in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to the RSPCA.
More than 100 students have appeared in court in Myanmar's capital, Naypyitaw, charged with human rights violations.
An Islamic school in Birmingham has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
A man has been jailed for a minimum of 12 years for sexually abusing a teenage girl.
Cambridge United suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Morecambe.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a man in County Antrim.
Cardiff City striker Joe Jones will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Teachers' unions have called on the government to increase the pay of teachers.
Drilling at a fracking site in Lancashire has been halted because of an earthquake.
A painting by Giuseppe Caravaggio has gone on display at the Scottish National Gallery for the first time.
Apple has said it will make it easier for users to log into their iCloud accounts after a security flaw was discovered.
The family of Marie Johnson have filed a lawsuit against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
A three-year-old boy has died after being attacked by a dog, an inquest has heard.
The Scottish sport budget is set to be cut by more than £1m over the next five years.
Pregnant women should eat a healthy diet during pregnancy, say researchers.
Armed weapons have been found in a lake on the Isle of Argyll.
A 13-year-old boy has been assaulted on a Glasgow train.
A Spanish teacher has been arrested on suspicion of downloading indecent images of children.
Pop star Beyonce has topped Forbes' album list for the first time.
Brazilian legend Pele's World Cup medal has been sold at auction for more than £1m.
Indonesia's President Mahathir Mohamad has called on Australia to apologise for spying on him.
Syrian government forces have been accused of carrying out summary killings of rebel fighters in rebel-held areas, activists say.
Organic farming has been found to increase the number of wild animals in the wild, according to a new study.
Thousands of music fans have signed a letter calling for an end to ticket price-fixing.
The UK government has introduced a new rate of interest on bank loans.
The US bond market has fallen sharply in the wake of President-elect Donald Trump's election victory.
Tesco has reported better-than-expected pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
Singer Sam Smith has been fined £10,000 after being caught driving over the speed limit in Dorset.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with a rare form of blindness.
A bus driver has been arrested after it crashed into a pile of muck in Essex.
A partial solar eclipse has taken place in parts of the world.
Plans for a universal basic income (UBI) in Wales have been backed by the Welsh government.
Two Wrexham hospitals have been upgraded to "outstanding" from "inadequate".
It's been a year since Plaid Cymru won the Welsh Assembly election.
Plans for a new nuclear power plant in Tynwald have been put forward by the Unite union.
Parliament Speaker John Bercow has approved the appointment of David Natler as the new Clerk of the House of Commons.
A woman with serious mental health problems has said she is considering moving to the UK to become a doctor.
Tunisia has elected a new president for the first time.
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign Dundee United striker Robbie Thistle until the end of the season.
Four of the world's biggest firms have been criticised for advising their clients not to use tax havens.
The HPV vaccine has reduced the risk of cervical cancer in Scotland, according to new research.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says Aston Villa's takeover of the Championship club was a "mistake".
A German Holocaust survivor has filed a legal challenge against Canada's decision to strip him of his citizenship.
Scotland has the lowest level of digital skills in the world, according to a new report.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by a stronger-than-expected US jobs report.
A man who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl in a park has been jailed for five years.
Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg will be banned from all races after a collision at the Austrian Grand Prix.
Vladimir Putin has lifted a ban on pornographic websites in the Russian capital, Moscow.
Three Grade II listed buildings in the south-east of England have been named in a charity's list of the most endangered buildings in England.
Iraqi voters will go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new prime minister.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen is expected to announce her intention to stand for re-election, French media report.
Wales scrum-half Lee Francis says he has no regrets about losing his place in the squad for Saturday's Six Nations match against England.
A man has been taken to hospital after being assaulted at a bank in Conwy county.
The future of a vulnerable railway line in Devon and Cornwall could be at risk, according to a new report.
Transport for London (TfL) has said it will compensate passengers for damage caused by cracks in the Severn Tunnel.
Thousands of people have lined Glastonbury's Pyramid Stage to watch the opening acts of this year's festival.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has written to First Minister Arlene Foster to criticise her handling of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
The BBC's business news programme, Business News, is to be broadcast online for the first time.
League Two side Charlton Athletic have signed striker Dele Christensen and striker Ched Wood on loan until the end of the season.
When her daughter was born with Down's syndrome, her first thought was that she would never be able to raise her own child.
A man who bought a "Green monster" for £1,000 on eBay has said he was "devastated" to find it on the site.
A former trader at Lloyds Banking Group has pleaded guilty to rigging a key interest rate.
Hull City winger Joe Arundel has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
Plans for a seven-day-a-week NHS in England have been criticised by a leading doctor.
Paralympic triathlete Helen Jenkins has been named in Great Britain's triathlon team for the Rio Olympics.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is to investigate the sale of a property portfolio in Northern Ireland.
The founder of aerospace firm Stratolaunch has announced plans to launch a rocket into space for the first time.
A legal challenge has been lodged against the Scottish government over plans for offshore wind farms.
A man has been found guilty of raping two girls at a police station in East Lothian.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a house in Sheffield.
South Sudan has been gripped by a war of ethnic violence since the end of the civil war in 2011.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says his side's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup are in doubt after a 2-1 defeat by Raith Rovers.
A Staffordshire bulldog has been named the mascot of the Royal Marine Regiment.
Islamic State (IS) militants have attacked a mosque in central Baghdad, killing at least eight people, officials say.
The number of people binge-watching online has reached a new all-time high, according to a new report from Collins.
Brazil coach Claudio Scolari has been sacked by the Brazilian Football Federation (BFB).
The price of some cancer drugs in England has risen by more than 20% in the past five years, according to new research.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has failed in his bid to win a Nobel Peace Prize.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for severe weather in parts of Scotland.
Actress Olivia Terry has been appointed as the new artistic director of the Shakespearean Globe.
A mother and her two-year-old daughter have been missing for more than a week.
Lion Babe are one of the best-known bands in the world.
A Banksy mural has gone on display for the first time.
The Chinese city of Macau has reported a sharp drop in the number of tourists visiting its casinos last year.
Indian writers have called for a boycott of the Sahitya Akademi (Akademi), the country's literary body.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a Derbyshire college.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of missing Cardiff businessman Richard Warburton.
Britain's Chris Yates won stage three of the Vuelta a Espana to move to the top of the overall standings.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as England manager.
Arsenal reached the fourth round of the FA Cup for the first time with victory over Hull at Emirates Stadium.
Huawei has filed a lawsuit against Samsung, accusing the Chinese tech giant of infringing its patents.
The death of Col Muammar Gaddafi in a US air strike on a compound in the Libyan capital Tripoli has been described as an "unprecedented act of defiance".
A 13-year-old girl has been seriously injured after a car she was travelling in crashed into a tree.
Holyrood's finance secretary has said he is "hopeful" the Scottish Parliament will be able to reach a deal on devolved powers.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has accused China of increasing its military presence in disputed islands in the South China Sea.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "disappointed" the government has postponed a vote on changes to the Hunting Act.
Jeremy Corbyn has called for a national inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire.
Ospreys have signed Wales scrum-half Brian Mujati for the rest of the season.
A British climber who went missing on a mountain in Vietnam has been found safe and well, his wife has said.
The funeral of former Leeds Rhinos chairman Harry Jepson has taken place.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that a female panda, Tian Tian Tian, is pregnant.
The RSPB has launched a campaign to make the robin the official bird of the UK.
Police in Austria say they have arrested a man dressed as Adolf Hitler.
A man who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
A fire that ripped through a block of flats in central London has killed at least 13 people.
England captain Joe Root has a "good chance" of becoming England's first-choice Test captain, says former captain Michael Anderson.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced its new net neutrality rules last week, it was widely hailed as a victory for the internet.
Burnley's unbeaten start to the season continued with victory over Blackburn Rovers at Turf Moor.
Jaguar Land Rover has announced plans to invest £1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in its UK operations.
Dagenham & Redbridge maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Eastleigh.
Nathan Thomas' first-half equaliser earned Hartlepool victory over Notts County in League Two.
A man has died after being stabbed at a bar.
One of the world's oldest trees has been named as the winner of the World Tree of the Year competition.
A man has died after falling into the sea off the coast of Ceredigion.
More than 1,000 jobs have been lost at a food processing plant in Londonderry.
Jellies from the Lion's Mane jellyfish have been spotted on Anglesey.
A woman who was stabbed to death by her boyfriend has told a court she lied about her death.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have given birth to a baby girl.
Ospreys have signed Ospreys scrum-half Sam Thornton on a two-year contract.
A County Durham council has refused to reopen a review of its planning application.
The UK Border Agency (UKBA) has failed to identify more than 1,800 over-stayers who have left the country, a senior inspector has said.
Nicola Sturgeon has risen to the top of Forbes' list of the world's most influential women.
A man has been found guilty of stealing sheep from a farm in Powys.
A new exhibition celebrating the work of the author William Blake has opened in London.
Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for president of the United States, is a threat to global stability, according to the International Institute for Strategic Studies (Iso).
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has announced plans to merge with German rival Deutsche Boerse.
If you were to take a bath in a Russian bathhouse in London, it would be a dream come true.
Sky has launched a new mobile phone service.
Australia's chief executive, Alan Joyce, has said he will continue to campaign for people to vote for same-sex marriage.
Swansea City's unbeaten start to the season continued as they were held to a draw by Hull City.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a man was hit by a train.
Mercedes' Michael Schumacher set a new world championship record by taking pole position at the Austrian Grand Prix.
The parents of three-year-old Kayden, who died at the age of three, have spoken of their shock at his sudden death.
A Carmarthenshire Labour councillor has accused the party of "racially-motivated" campaigning.
Rangers maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over St Johnstone at Ibrox.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, we look at some of the challenges facing Republican presidential hopefuls.
A man who died after being shot at a house in Bedfordshire has been named by police.
Chelsea midfielder Terry says he has no plans to leave the Premier League club.
Wasps maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a hard-fought victory over Sale.
Lewis Hamilton is one of the most successful drivers in Formula 1 history.
At least 40 people have been killed in a mudslide in southern Sri Lanka, the army says.
American sprinter Justin Gatlin has set a new world record in the 100m hurdles.
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has defended his decision to spend more than $1m (£770,000) on a private plane.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has called for an independent inquiry into the use of military force in Indian-administered Kashmir.
The trial of a man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend has been streamed live on Twitter.
Comedian Katie Hopkins has apologised to the family of a Muslim man who claimed he was a member of a group of "cockroaches".
A Chinese artist, Ai Weiwei, has criticised Lego for refusing to allow him to use his Lego bricks to make political statements.
Actress Miranda Hamilton has been praised for her performance as Annie Hannigan in the West End musical Annie.
The number of rough sleepers in Northampton is at an all-time high, according to a report.
Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili has announced he will step down at the end of the year.
A charity has called for the Scottish Parliament to take urgent action to tackle the growing problem of working conditions in Scotland.
West Ham beat Juventus to reach the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time in four years.
At least 19 people have died in a fire at a boarding school in the northern Nigerian state of Kano, officials say.
Great Britain's men's and women's double sculls have been announced for the 2017 World Para-athletics Championships in Florida.
Scarlets scrum-half Hallam Hallam has signed new two-year contracts with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Aston Villa have signed former Aston Villa and Aston Villa midfielder Chris Cole on a three-year deal.
Theresa May has said the UK is ready to leave the European Union.
A new study of the sounds of bees has been published in the journal Nature.
Lincoln City reached the League Two play-off quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Oldham.
The cost of the West Midlands franchise franchise has been estimated at more than £1bn, a committee of MPs has said.
Many of the world's leading scientists have been recognised for their achievements in science.
Former world champion Mark Hendry has become the first British man to win a World Championship title.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Scotland looks at some of the key issues facing the Scottish newspaper industry.
Plans for a cross-party commission to help fund the health service in England and Wales have been unveiled by the Liberal Democrats.
Celtic manager Darren Ferguson says his side are in a good position to qualify for the Scottish League Two play-offs.
Greece has a long way to go until it is ready to leave the European Union.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire have been unearthed in Monaghan, County Londonderry.
Parents travelling to school in Denbighshire have been told they will no longer be able to take their children to the bus stop.
A Mass has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of a devastating earthquake in Italy.
It's been a year since Australia's prime minister took office.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg took pole position for the first Formula 1 practice session of the season at the Italian Grand Prix.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with fraud over tickets for the Brighton and Hove Jazz Festival.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for the first time.
A Tamil Nadu woman has taken to the streets to protest against the appointment of a female leader as the party's leader.
Six people have been arrested in connection with a landslide at a landfill in northern China, state media report.
The Scottish government could face legal action if it fails to do more to tackle air pollution, a leading environmental group has said.
A Cleveland police officer has been found not guilty of killing two black women who were shot dead by a white officer.
At least 20 people have been killed in bomb attacks in Syria's capital, Damascus, officials say.
Exeter Pirates will be relegated to the Premiership next season after scrapping promotion play-offs.
Pembrokeshire and Flintshire councils are struggling to deal with the impact of rising steel prices.
It's been a busy week in the world of business.
A knife has been found in a Dumfries and Galloway primary school.
The first round of the Champion of Champions event takes place at the Royal Barbican in Barbados on Friday.
Red Bull have won the Australian Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
It's been a year since Scotland voted to leave the European Union.
More than 1,000 shops in Perth are taking part in a "first-of-its-kind" promotion.
Hampshire all-rounder Sam Dawson has signed a new three-year contract, which will keep him at the county until the end of the 2017 season.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of police officer Michael Kerr, who was killed in a bomb attack in County Armagh.
Lord Mulholland has announced he is stepping down as the head of the Crown Prosecution Service.
A ferry carrying more than 1,000 people has been involved in a crash on the Isle of Wight.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found stabbed to death at a house in South Yorkshire.
Nicola Black has been named the UK's most-watched MP for the first time.
A terminally ill man has begun a legal challenge to the UK's ban on assisted dying.
Bayern Munich came from behind to beat Porto and reach the semi-finals of the Champions League.
Tottenham have been ordered to pay £1m to the family of a 16-year-old boy who died after being diagnosed with heart disease.
Oscar-winning actress Helen Knight has been cast in a new stage production of The Children's Hour.
Argentina head coach Juan Cuadrado says he is open to the possibility of Lionel Messi being included in the squad for next month's World Cup qualifiers.
A letter written by Canadian rapper Jackson has been shared more than 1,000 times online.
Michael Waites says he will not be able to use a dart again until the end of the BDO World Championship.
Wakefield Trinity full-back Sam Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
A man has been shot dead in Hull, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said.
Bayer Leveren has signed a new three-year contract with German club Bayer Leverkusen.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been asked to appear before a committee of MPs to explain why he refused to attend a meeting on the minimum wage.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he is "not a monk" despite the recent controversy over his side's conduct at the World Cup.
Motherwell came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and move up to third in the Scottish Premiership.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve if they are to avoid relegation from the Champions League.
A woman who died in a rollercoaster accident in Australia has been named.
A man has been jailed for four years for possessing drugs worth more than £1m in Edinburgh.
Swansea City have parted company with manager Martin Bielsa for the rest of the season.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for the murder of a member of a Tamil gang.
As the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates for the first time in more than a decade, there is a growing sense of nervousness in Asia.
Three men have been jailed for sexually abusing a teenage girl in Hertfordshire.
Chelsea striker Eden Hazard will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A man has been stabbed to death at a house in Hertfordshire.
The family of a four-year-old boy who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to him.
Bristol Rovers have signed scrum-half George North on a deal until the end of the season.
Plans to build a wind farm in Gwynedd have been given the go-ahead by a public inquiry.
Garry Thompson scored twice as Morecambe beat Cheltenham to reach the League Two play-offs.
The number of suicides in mental health units in the UK has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Ulster reached the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship with a 3-1 victory over Connacht.
MSPs have been asked to do more to improve the quality of the Scottish Parliament's coffee.
The chief medical officer of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (RCAS) has said it is "impossible" to have surgery during the winter months.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, is one of the world's poorest countries.
Two fishermen have been rescued after their boat capsized off the west coast of Londonderry.
Spain's Alberto Contador says he would like to compete with Chris Froome in the Criterium du Dauphine.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore say they have foiled an attempt to sell a red sandaloon.
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has arrived in the capital, Brasilia, after the country's lower house of Congress voted to impeach her.
Derry City extended their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership to seven points with a comfortable victory over League Two side Wexford.
More needs to be done to tackle mountain rescues, a charity has said.
Paris St-Germain have completed the signing of Neymar from Barcelona for an undisclosed fee.
Celtic have made their first signings of the January transfer window.
The Pirate Bay, the world's largest file-sharing site, has been shut down by hackers.
A British man has won a £2,000 (£2,500) competition to design prosthetic legs for prosthetic limbs.
France's far-right presidential candidate, Francois Fillon, has launched his campaign for the Elysee Palace.
Hospitals in Shrewsbury and Shropshire could be merged under plans being considered by the NHS.
Celtic manager Gordon Strachan has praised Scotland international Scott Brown for his contribution to the national team.
China's state-owned energy firm EDF has signed a deal to build the Hinkley Point nuclear plant in Somerset.
A children's charity has said it has seen a rise in the number of people calling for help from the Army.
A former Met Police officer has been jailed for four years for downloading indecent images of children.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at the possibility of a coup in the Labour Party.
Mark Selby and Ding Junhui reached the Crucible semi-finals for the first time with a comfortable 6-1 victory in the first round.
Scotland's women's team-mate Laura Evans says she will be "devastated" if they fail to qualify for the 2018 Women's World Cup finals.
The parents of a 13-year-old girl who was stabbed to death at a school have called for an inquiry into her murder.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he wants his players to play at Wembley for the first time.
Paralympic climbers should be allowed to climb the world's highest mountain, Nepal's government has said.
The family of a man who died after being hit by a car on the M4 have said they are "devastated" he has not been able to drive.
A former US Olympic champion who raped a student at a university in Ohio has been sentenced to a minimum of 10 years in prison.
Concerns have been raised about the future of the Devon and Cornwall Railway.
A giant porcelain toilet has been installed at the Guggenheim Museum in New York.
A sculpture by a Scottish artist celebrating his 100th birthday has gone on display at the Scottish College of Art.
The rollout of high-speed broadband in parts of Scotland has been criticised by a number of people.
Education Secretary Iain Lewis has set a new target for Wales to reach the top of the world by 2020.
Telecoms firm TalkTalk has said it has arrested three people in connection with a cyber-attack in India last year.
Two police officers have been shot dead in the US state of Iowa.
The number of secondary school teachers in Scotland has increased by more than a third, the Scottish government has announced.
Rory McIlroy says he is relishing the prospect of playing in a Ryder Cup match against the United States.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has been endorsed as the party's candidate in the general election.
American Jason Donald shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the PGA Championship in Hawaii.
Rob Kearney has been named in Ireland's squad for Saturday's Grand Slam match against Wales at Twickenham.
Three of Manchester City Council's senior staff have been suspended following an investigation into child sexual abuse.
Netflix has said it will expand its video streaming service to more countries in the coming months.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes has left the club.
Greece is in the grip of a long-running economic crisis.
Former Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams has been cleared of involvement in the murder of Jean McConville.
More research is needed into the benefits of golf, according to a new study.
Catalans Dragons prop Sam Mason has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in Burberry shares.
Muslim dating website Match Match has been hacked.
Venezuela's President Juan Manuel Santos has signed a series of sanctions against the country's top drug dealer.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in west Belfast.
A novel written during the Cold War has been published for the first time.
A Tanzanian government minister has resigned after being accused of stealing more than $1m from a school.
In the middle of the Commons, Theresa May stood in front of a group of Conservative MPs, shaking her head.
JP Morgan Chase has reached a settlement with the US government over its role in the 2008 financial crisis.
Welsh triathlete Becky James has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
League of Legends player SKT has won the world title for the second year in a row.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored twice as Sheffield United came from behind to beat Bury.
A man has been diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
All pictures are copyrighted.
A French man has been arrested in connection with the Paris attacks, police say.
Britain's Laura Tutton won gold in the women's 100m breaststroke at the European Swimming Championships in London.
The chief executive of the Scottish Croft Society, Michelle McLeod, has said she is hopeful the Scottish government will take steps to help crofters in Inverness.
Salford Red Devils head coach Sam Koukash has confirmed he will leave the club at the end of the season.
The pound has fallen against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate rose to a four-year low.
Scientists say they have found a solution to the mystery of how Earth formed.
(Close): Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose to its highest level in more than two years on Friday, boosted by strong economic data.
The FBI has agreed to help solve the murder trial of San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.
Ayr United have been given the go-ahead to change their name to Ayr United.
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church.
A 16-year-old boy who died in a suicide bombing in Iraq has been named as a member of the Islamic State group.
Belfast Giants have re-signed all of their players until the end of the season.
A six-year-old boy who died after being locked out of his school has told an inquest he was bullied.
A County Tyrone man has been granted bail after being charged with terrorism offences.
A new research centre has been set up in Cardiff to tackle the cost of treating wounds.
US President Donald Trump has hit back at the White House for its response to the recent chemical weapons attack in Syria.
Derek Foderingham says he is "disappointed" Rangers fans have reacted angrily to the arrest of striker Scott Sinclair.
A doctor has been arrested in Minnesota for making emergency emergency calls to Prince's doctor in the weeks before he died, his family has said.
Two of Edinburgh's most famous streets have been named as part of a project to transform the city's Old Town.
Belgium's parliament has voted to suspend a ban on women wearing full-face veils.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car.
Former British and Irish Lions scrum-half O'Connell has been appointed as the new head coach of Munster.
Former Liberal Democrat MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has quit the party.
The number of coca plants in Colombia has reached a record high, according to the UN.
Scotland's youngest player has been named in the Scotland squad for Euro 2016.
Harlequins have signed Leicester Tigers scrum-half Sam Warburton on loan until the end of the season.
Olympic taekwondo gold medallist Emmanuel Cisse has become the first Ivorian to win a medal at the Rio Olympics.
Talks have broken out over the future of guards on Southern trains in Sussex.
At least eight people have been killed in a blast at a steelworks in the Brazilian city of Porto Alegre, police say.
Cristiano has been growing his own cannabis for more than a decade.
A hat worn by the Duchess of Cambridge has sold for more than £1m at auction in London.
The closure of a North Sea oil pipeline has been described as a "limited impact" on the Brent price.
Two British tourists have gone on trial accused of illegally photographing planes in the United Arab Emirates.
Kilmarnock have signed Danish striker Christian Johnsen for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Two young women from Monmouthshire have been recruited to join a new Benedictine monastery.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says there is still a long way to go to win the Premier League title.
In our series of letters from African journalists, British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon looks at some of the biggest threats facing the armed forces.
Wales' women's hockey team reached the semi-finals of the European Championship for the first time.
A man who died after being hit by a car in Newport has been named by police.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Alex Woodburn has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Premier League champions Manchester City will face Paris St-Germain in the Champions League quarter-finals.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes.
Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA, Reuters
England's Danny Willett shot a three-under-par 65 to share the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has endorsed Owen Smith as the party's new leader.
A Kent council has been fined £1,000 for failing to clean up litter.
(Close): London's main share index closed lower after a closely watched survey suggested a slowdown in the UK's economy.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a series of anti-police riots across London.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has reached a record high, according to new figures.
England will face Russia in the quarter-finals of the 2018 World Cup.
The head of the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has ruled that it will not be able to reveal the identities of undercover police officers.
Leigh Centurions have appealed for video footage after a player was bitten in the face during a match against Wrexham.
US actress Shirley Temple Black has died at the age of 83.
Dagenham & Redbridge have signed Millwall defender Yann Douou on a season-long loan deal.
Portuguese football club Porto have suspended a player after he punched a referee in the face during a match.
The Royal Albert Hall is celebrating its 100th anniversary with a special performance of Elgar's The Dream of Gerontius.
A woman whose body was found in a wheelie bin has been named by police.
Rotherham's police force is failing to tackle child sexual exploitation, a report has found.
Grimsby Town manager Gary Whitfield says he is "disappointed" with refereeing decisions in the League Two play-off final against Southend United.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has called for more funding for schools in the Borders to tackle the attainment gap.
At least 19 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala, police say.
Pierre-Emerick Assou-Ekotto has signed a new two-year contract with Premier League side St Etienne.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has appointed a number of senior officials as part of a major shake-up of his government.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has agreed to pay back more than $2m (£1.2m) of public money spent on his new home.
The body of a man has been found at the site of the collapsed Swansea building.
A primary school teacher who sent text messages to a group of teenage girls has been sacked.
A golden eagle has laid its first egg at the Loch Lomond National Park.
Police are appealing for information after a fire broke out at a house in County Armagh.
A care home in Cornwall has been rated "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC).
Donald Trump has been sworn in as president of the United States.
A gun believed to have been stolen from a Dorset man's home has been found in a river.
A man has died after being stabbed in a London pub.
Welsh Rugby Football Club has agreed a deal to buy the club for an undisclosed sum.
A man has appeared in court charged with historical sex offences against children.
Schools in England and Wales are to host counter-extremism seminars in a bid to tackle extremism.
Prime Minister Theresa May has urged Japan to take action against North Korea over its recent ballistic missile launch.
Gillian Gillan has joined the cast of the new Star Wars film Guardians of the Galaxy.
Manchester United are close to completing a major overhaul of their squad.
A railway bridge has been re-opened to the public for the first time.
The UK has set a new record for the hottest day of the year.
In the wake of the death of Germanwings pilot Joachim Lubitz, there has been much speculation about the cause of his suicide.
George Andrew scored a hat-trick as Ulster beat Newport Gwent Dragons to move up to third in the Pro12 table.
Scientists say they have found what they believe to be the most important clue yet about the impact of a giant asteroid.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said a vote to leave the European Union is a "wake-up call" for Wales.
Glamorgan batsman Dai Lloyd became the first player to score two centuries in the first three days of a first-class match.
Police searching for a man who was found dead in a Glasgow subway station have made a fresh appeal for information.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the most famous families in the world.
Tove is one of Sweden's best-known pop singers.
A primary school in Oxfordshire has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Three of the UK's most senior intelligence agencies have announced plans to recruit more women.
A former South Yorkshire coal mine has been awarded a knighthood by the Queen.
Motherwell have signed former Partick Thistle midfielder Alex Jules on loan until the end of the season.
The UK's telecoms regulator has ruled that the merger of Hutchison Whampoa and Vodafone should not be allowed to go ahead.
Sudan's poetry scene is one of the most vibrant in the world.
Oldham reached the League Two play-off quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Peterborough.
Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been charged with corruption.
The Solar System is one of the most powerful in the world.
Championship side Leicester Tigers have signed fly-half Geoff Parling and full-back Geoff Woodburn on two-year contracts.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower on Thursday, dragged down by property shares.
Apple chief executive Tim Cook has won a $10,000 (£7,000) prize from a crowdfunding site called CharityBuzz.
Ivory Coast striker Tra Trahan has been named in Guinea's squad for their Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Burkina Faso.
Zambia came from behind to beat Cape Verde and reach the semi-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations.
A Pembrokeshire nature reserve has been given the go-ahead.
Local authorities should do more to prevent people from committing suicide, a charity has said.
Mercedes team-mate Susie Wolff has signed a new two-year contract with Sauber.
Bristol Rovers have signed striker Alex Lucas on loan until the end of the season.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited a garden dedicated to Princess Diana.
A van carrying suspected Islamic State (IS) militants has carried out a deadly attack in the Spanish city of Barcelona, police say.
Plans for a new roundabout on the Chester-super-Street have been postponed.
World number one Michael van Gerwen reached the semi-finals of the Aegon Championships for the first time with a 6-2 6-3 win over Dutchman Jelle Klaasen.
More than 100,000 people in the UK have signed up to take part in a project to reveal their genetic code.
Glamorgan striker Jack Crofts has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
England's Jos Buttler and Alastair Taylor took wickets on day two of the first Test against South Africa in Johannesburg.
A helicopter that crashed during a training exercise in Snowdonia has been cleared of all debris.
Scottish Communities Secretary John Swinney has said he does not underestimate the impact of the Scottish government's tax freeze.
More than 1,000 sheep have been sold at a sheep market in the Highlands.
The International Space Station (ISS) has opened to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician.
A Labour MP has called for a ban on visitors to a cemetery in Sheffield to be lifted.
In the wake of David Cameron's decision to leave the European Union, many commentators are wondering whether he will be able to win the vote.
Ulster reached the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup with a bonus-point victory over Treviso.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
A woman has said she was "laughed out of her head" when she was asked to interview a company for a job.
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent has taken on the role of Scrooge in a revival of Dickens' classic The Merchant of Venice.
A growing number of women are using online apps to track their menstrual cycles.
The sister of South Africa's Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has said she is "devastated" by his sentencing.
Salford Red Devils have agreed a deal to sign half-back Tom Chase and full-back Scott Paterson.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League will be a "challenge" for the club.
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench has donated £10,000 to a Surrey wildlife charity.
The Queen's portrait has been unveiled in London.
The Liberal Democrats have accused the Conservatives of failing to deliver on the promise of a seven-day NHS in England.
Rory McIlroy is aiming to win his first PGA Tour title with victory at the Players Championship.
Five men who tried to rob a bank in Liverpool have been cleared of attempted murder.
The number of motorcyclists killed on London's roads has reached a record high, according to Transport for London (TfL).
Manchester United striker Conor McNair has been named in the Northern Ireland squad for the 2017 FA Cup semi-finals.
An emergency department at a Wrexham hospital has been closed for more than two weeks because of overcrowding.
Championship side Turkish side Kasimpel have signed Chelsea midfielder Omeruo for an undisclosed fee.
A man accused of carrying out a mass shooting at a Florida airport has told a US court he is mentally ill.
A man accused of trying to rape a teenage girl online has told a court he had no idea he was being groomed.
The world's largest marine reserve, the Ross Sea, is to be protected for the first time.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to celebrate the Hindu festival.
Jackie Collins, one of the world's best-selling authors, has died at the age of 83.
A Japanese woman accused of murdering her husband has told a court she has no memory of his death.
A fish that washed up at a fish and chip shop has been reunited with its owner.
Former West Indies batsman Michael Simmons has been removed from the squad for the West Indies' one-day international series against Sri Lanka.
A convicted drug trafficker who went on the run for more than two years has been arrested.
Strictly Come Dancing star Steve O'Driscoll has said he is "devastated" by the "bullying" of his partner Ola.
A new film about mental health is to be filmed in the Brecon Beacons.
Bristol Rovers head coach Paul Sturrock says he is "disappointed" with his side's injury problems.
Tesla co-founder Elon Musk has said he is "devastated" after a rocket exploded at Cape Canaveral, Florida.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in Dorset.
A teenager who was racially abused by a Met Police officer has been awarded £11,900 in damages.
Zimbabwe's first lady, Grace Mugabe, has been granted immunity from prosecution by the South African government.
A Russian court has sentenced a group of teenage girls to three years in jail for dancing during World War One.
Scunthorpe United have signed defender Luke Clarke and midfielder Jack Clarke on two-year deals.
Premier League clubs are on the verge of making a profit for the first time in 25 years, according to consultancy Deloitte.
Celtic manager Derek Archibald says he is "disappointed" that Polish coaches are not working in Scotland.
Olympic gold medallist Katie Peake says she wants to set a personal best in the women's 400m at the Rio Olympics.
In the wake of the Peshawar school massacre, there is a growing sense of unease among Pakistani politicians about the Taliban.
Old Mutual Asset Management (Old Mutual) has announced plans to split its business into two separate divisions.
League Two side Morecambe have signed former Blackburn Rovers midfielder Paul Barkhuizen on a season-long loan deal.
The Chinese government has issued a series of air pollution alerts in the north-eastern province of Nanjing.
The Islamic Republic of Iran is one of the world's most repressive countries.
Huddersfield Giants reached the Challenge Cup semi-finals for the first time with victory over Wakefield Trinity.
A car has been stolen from a car park in Londonderry.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named the best film of the year at the Toronto International Film Festival.
When I first started working in the oil and gas industry in the early 1990s, I had no idea what I was doing.
An Asda supermarket in Manchester is to open to the public for the first time in more than a year.
In the early 1990s, David Barrett was working as a dog trainer in Lebanon's capital, Beirut.
A computer capable of playing video games has outperformed a human, according to a study.
Chinese billionaire Xia Xiaobo has been appointed as the new chairman of Aston Villa.
The head of Brazil's intelligence agency has told the BBC he has no knowledge of a terror attack at the Rio Olympics.
Hibernian midfielder Scott Swanson has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
European leaders are meeting in Brussels to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis.
Japanese carmaker Mazda says it has developed a new engine capable of producing a single-cylinder engine.
A man has been found guilty of assaulting Crystal Palace fan Kayla Cowcher during their FA Cup semi-final at Selhurst Park.
A judge in Guatemala has ordered the retrial of former President Otto Perez de Kirchner, who was found guilty of genocide.
A hospital in Stoke-on-Trent has banned players from using its A&E unit to play Pokemon Go.
Newcastle Falcons have signed Leicester Tigers full-back Tyler Flood on a three-year deal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the biggest names in hip-hop.
Millwall moved to within three points of the League One play-off places with victory over Bury.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has successfully returned to Earth for the first time in more than a decade.
The owner of Cardigan Castle in Carmarthenshire has resigned.
A German police officer has been shot dead by a gunman who tried to break into his home and threatened to kill him.
England head coach Eddie Jones says he will use "weak defenders" in his side's Six Nations match against France on Saturday.
John Johnston, the publisher of The Scotsman, has reported a rise in profits for the first three months of the year.
The head of a Birmingham primary school has resigned, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
A crowdfunding campaign to raise money for the families of British soldiers killed in the Iraq war has raised more than £1m.
China's Ma Ma won gold in the men's singles at the Rio Olympics, beating compatriot Zhang Zhiqiang in the final.
An Australian woman has completed a triathlon for the first time.
Dutch pharmaceutical giant AB InBev is one of the world's biggest companies.
A new camera system for the Hubble Space Telescope has been given the go-ahead.
Morocco has rejoined the African Union (AU) for the first time in more than a decade.
Actress Amber Heard has filed for divorce from actor Johnny Depp.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Nigeria's women's football team has been criticised for failing to reach the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a horse parade was held in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "very optimistic" about the results of a public consultation on the Scottish independence referendum.
The family of a woman diagnosed with leukaemia have said they are "devastated" by her treatment.
Sophie Mackenzie has accused the BBC of using rape as a plot device in a series of TV dramas.
A south London property has been bought by a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
Angola's Supreme Court has overturned a controversial law banning the use of social media to criticise the government.
Hungary is one of the most important countries in the European Union.
A woman has been set on fire by a group of men who tried to set her on fire.
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has called for parliament to pass a law banning the promotion of homosexuality.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens actress Lupita Nyong'o has apologised after a backlash over the casting of female characters in the film.
Wales will face Belgium in the semi-finals of the Euro 2016 semi-final.
A man has been charged with the attempted murder of a pregnant woman who was attacked in East Sussex.
Downton Abbey star Dame Judi Dench has signed up to play the role of Princess Potts in the new Disney film Beauty and the Beast.
Partick Thistle will face Crusaders in the first round of the All-Ireland Football League on Friday night.
More than half of homes in Wales do not have access to superfast broadband, a business leader has said.
A UK MP has called for an investigation into the murder of a German woman who was found stabbed to death in Italy.
The UK's economy shrank by 0.5% in the first quarter of the year, according to official figures.
Young people in Northern Ireland are struggling to find a job.
Swansea City have signed striker Jordan Grimes on loan until the end of the season.
A man has been charged with trying to smuggle illegal drugs into a prison.
Gusts of up to 50mph are expected to hit parts of the UK on Friday, the Met Office has said.
Nobel Prize-winning author Jodie Ghosh has visited India's President Ashraf Ghosh's home for the first time.
Flood defences need to be improved to prevent flooding, according to a report.
Ipswich Town have signed former Ipswich Town and Blackburn Rovers striker Jack Moore on loan until the end of the season.
Glamorgan maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship with victory over Glamorgan.
Netherlands reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship for the first time with victory over Iceland.
The remains of two former members of the Disappeared have been found.
Olympic gold medallist Adlington has opened a new swimming pool in London.
Plans to redevelop a former Stoke-on-Trent football stadium have been given the go-ahead.
Shares in US department store chain Macy's have fallen more than 10% after it reported a drop in sales at its online stores.
A new type of radio signal that bounces off a plane has been developed by the Nats.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in England and Wales.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have re-signed former Ajax and Charlton midfielder David Moussa on a season-long loan deal.
Scientists say they have found a gene defect linked to male infertility.
Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness has stepped down as Northern Ireland's deputy first minister.
Hundreds of bats have been roosting in a church for more than 10 years.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the killing of a member of a far-right group in Paris.
Tony Bellew says he does not want to fight Anthony Joshua for the IBF heavyweight title.
Welsh rugby player Ryan Watkins has been banned by UK Anti-Doping Agency (UKAD).
World number one Johanna Konta reached the second round of the Aegon International with a 6-2 6-3 win over Italian qualifier Valentina Kerber.
Landlords in England and Wales are facing a "catastrophic" rise in rents, according to a think tank.
Cheltenham maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a comfortable victory over West Ham.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Derek Duffy says his side's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers on Saturday will be a "must-win" game.
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault in Northumberland.
Hundreds of people have marched through the Snowdonia National Park to protest against plans to pump water into the valleys.
The first half of the National League game between Dover and Macclesfield has been abandoned.
Wales reached the semi-finals of the Euro 2016 finals for the first time with a 3-1 victory over Italy.
The University of Edinburgh's Stephen Hawking has said he wants to encourage young people to take up science.
A police investigation is under way after a fire broke out in a car park.
The number of public toilets in Wales should be reduced, a campaigner has said.
British Airways has rejected a new pay offer from Unite, the trade union representing pilots and cabin crew.
Turkish police say they have found a man believed to be the co-founder of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Plans for a new hydroelectric power station in Snowdonia have been rejected.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a 17-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
UKIP's former deputy leader has accused the party of "destroying the working class" by banning smoking in pubs.
A statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of his death in Timetley, County Down.
Firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions.
Gun battles have broken out between rival factions in the Libyan capital Tripoli, officials say.
A man accused of trying to defraud people out of thousands of pounds has told a court he suffered neck and back pain.
It's been a busy week at Wimbledon so far.
A 12-year-old boy's handwritten manuscript has been discovered in a park.
The European Space Agency (ECA) has announced plans to build a new constellation of satellites that will be able to communicate with the rest of the world.
A mother and her two-month-old baby have been found dead in Pembrokeshire.
A South African court has upheld the conviction of Oscar Pistorius for the double murder of his girlfriend.
A Japanese court has upheld a ban on restarting two nuclear reactors in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster.
The inaugural Aberdeen Comedy Festival has been announced.
Ex-Premier League footballer Lee Wood has said he is still waiting for police to respond to allegations of historical child abuse.
A petition calling for a ban on revenge porn to be lifted in North Yorkshire has been signed by more than 1,000 people.
The founder of India's largest religious organisation, the Dera Sacha Sauda sect, has resigned.
The world's best tennis player has been accused of having a "bad haircut".
Former Strictly Come Dancing presenter Claudia Winkleman has announced she is stepping down.
More than half of rail passengers are using ticket machines to buy tickets, according to a new report.
Hundreds of students have taken to the streets in Wrexham to protest against a pay rise by university lecturers.
As the Christmas season draws to a close, it's time for the big brands to take a step forward.
Oil and gas firm Aggreko has bought dryer firm Dryer for an undisclosed sum.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said he has no problem with US President-elect Donald Trump.
Three men have been charged with rape after a woman's name was published online.
James Hurst's first-half equaliser gave Dover Athletic victory over Macclesfield.
Singer Mick Richards has confirmed he is planning to tour the UK for the first time.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the US Open quarter-finals for the first time with a straight-set victory over world number one Karolina Pliskova.
Preston earned their first win of the season as they came from behind to beat Preston.
A South Korean basketball player has been suspended for two years after being accused of falsifying her birth certificate.
The cost of childcare in England will be reduced to £1,200 per month under a government plan.
Plans for a new Eisteddfod in Ceredigion have been given the go-ahead.
Leigh Centurions head coach Paul Rowley has resigned.
More than 2,000 people in Finland are taking part in a trial of a basic income.
A volcano in Iceland has erupted, spewing ash into the sky.
Scotland scrum-half George Pyrgos says he is ready to lead his side into the World Cup quarter-finals.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants have recaptured a town in the northern city of Mosul, the BBC has learned.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met in Manila.
It's been a week since Taylor Swift posted a picture of a girl dressed up as Taylor Swift.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Friday, boosted by strong results from several of the world's biggest companies.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at some of the most important moments in football.
A severed limb has been found in a park in Bristol.
Plans to demolish historic buildings in a seaside town have been approved by councillors.
Pakistan's Supreme Court has refused to allow a Muslim cleric to appeal against his death sentence for blasphemy.
The length of waiting for mental health treatment in Wales has been cut.
Former Australian rugby league player Adam Hunt has been charged with trafficking cocaine into South Australia.
Former England and England batsman Michael Lewis says he wants to become a "world-class" cricketer.
Kilmarnock suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Ross County.
Leinster reached the Pro12 quarter-finals for the first time with a hard-fought victory over Connacht.
South African champions TP Mazembe have been knocked out of the Africa Cup of Nations after a 1-1 draw with Ugandan side Sundowns in the semi-finals.
A Cornish iron ore mine has been put on display for the first time.
Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz has withdrawn from the Iowa caucuses.
Wales' Natalie Carlin has become the first female swimmer to win two Olympic gold medals at the same time.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager for the first time.
In the early hours of the morning, the doors of the House of Commons were closed.
A letter written by American author Ernest Hemingway has sold for more than £1,000 at auction.
Scotland's largest airline, Loganair, has begun a major refurbishment of its aircraft.
Police investigating the disappearance of a three-year-old girl in hospital have said they have no idea who she was.
Volkswagen, the world's biggest carmaker, has reported a sharp drop in sales in the first three months of the year.
Thousands of people have taken part in a 24-hour strike in the Darjeeling hills in the western Indian state of West Bengal.
Ivan Tetteette's first-half strike was enough to give Norwich City their first win of the season.
Great Britain's women's hockey team reached the semi-finals of the Women's World Cup with a 4-1 victory over New Zealand.
The president of the Confederation of African Football (Caf), Issa Hayatou, has resigned.
Police are searching for a man who has been missing for more than a week.
Former England captain Michael Clarke has been named as Australia's new captain, replacing Michael Clarke.
Partick Thistle striker Steven Lawless has signed a new three-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club.
A man who died after falling asleep in his car has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed former Fulham defender James Hector on loan until the end of the season.
Former Labour MP David Blunkett has called for the creation of a White House for Yorkshire.
Gateshead maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a comfortable victory over Guiseley.
Preston North End have signed former Aston Villa and Blackburn Rovers midfielder Jack Pringle on two-year deals.
Organisers of a Glasgow Orange Order parade have been told they will not be allowed to sing a religious song during the event.
The European Union has approved the use of genetically modified human embryos.
India beat Australia by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Melbourne to take a 2-1 lead in the three-match series.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in Londonderry.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the NHS in England.
The Archbishop of Londonderry, Father John O'Dara, has called for Cardinal Brendan Brady to resign.
The family of a man killed in a crash with a lorry have paid tribute to him.
A suspicious object has been found in a car park in Lanarkshire.
The UK's unemployment rate has continued to rise, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Swiss food giant Unilever has reported lower-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
Dozens of Iraqi soldiers have been shot dead by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq, officials say.
A man has been rescued after his car became stuck in a reservoir.
People with care homes in England will now be able to see how they are performing, the government has announced.
A new artificial intelligence (AI) system has been launched to help investors decide whether to invest in companies.
US cosmetics giant Johnson & Johnson has been ordered to pay $1.5bn (£1.1bn) to a woman who was diagnosed with ovarian cancer.
Belgium's Thibaut Pinot won the Vuelta a Espana for the second year in a row.
Substitute Luke O'Nien's first-half equaliser secured Wycombe a point at the top of the League Two table.
A 90-year-old woman has been robbed at knifepoint by a shopkeeper.
The winner of this year's All-Ireland hurling final has been announced.
Two women have pleaded not guilty to the murder of a three-year-old girl on a bus.
The Danish shipping company Maersk has confirmed that a container ship has been seized in Iranian waters.
Chelsea striker Pedro has been discharged from hospital after suffering a serious head injury in Saturday's Champions League semi-final defeat by China.
Two women have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
A Labour MP has been elected to the Cardiff West by-election.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans to build wind farms in Lincolnshire.
The world's largest nations have begun the process of signing the Paris climate agreement.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of his wife in a car crash.
Angelina Jolie's decision to undergo a breast cancer mastectomy has led to an increase in the number of women seeking treatment, a study suggests.
The number of patients waiting for a cardiothoracic surgery in Northern Ireland has reached a record high, according to new figures.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fireworks display was thrown at him in Belfast city centre.
Theresa Stevens has been living in the Spanish capital, Madrid for more than a year.
Tens of thousands of bottles of Vanish wine have been washed up on a Cornwall beach.
Women's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have signed midfielder Jade Heatherson on a two-year deal.
A man has been named as one of four people arrested in connection with the singing of a Christmas song.
The leader of a Cheshire council has resigned.
Shares in Premier Oil have jumped more than 10% after the company confirmed it had agreed to sell its North Sea assets to a private equity firm.
Derry City extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to eight points with victory over fellow strugglers Ballymena.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a gunman shot her in the leg during a robbery.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Bristol Rovers beat Peterborough to move to within three points of the League One play-off places.
A Pembrokeshire school bus company has been put up for sale.
Kilmarnock have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Alex Etxabegu on loan until the end of the season.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of London to protest against pollution levels.
Former Miami Marlins pitcher Jorge Fernandez has become the first Cuban to become a professional baseball player.
Iraqi tribal leaders have clashed with Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern city of Fallujah, officials say.
An Air Canada plane has made an emergency landing on a taxiway in the US city of San Francisco.
Two brothers have been found guilty of raping and sexually abusing young girls in Rotherham.
The UK should remain in the European single market after Brexit, according to a report by the House of Lords.
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to back his Vote Leave campaign, Newsnight has learned.
The death of a police officer who was shot by a gunman on Westminster Bridge has raised questions about the safety of the public.
Arsenal have signed Poland midfielder Tomasz Bartiel from Legia Warsaw for an undisclosed fee.
Dozens of people have been killed in a landslide in the western Colombian city of Bello, officials say.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the London Bridge terror attack.
Gareth Villar has resigned as president of the European Football Association (Uefa).
A ban on the use of wild animals in circuses is being considered by Holyrood.
A mental health worker has been jailed for life for stabbing a colleague to death at a mental health unit.
A third man has been arrested in Germany on suspicion of being a member of a rebel group.
Saido Berahino's second-half equaliser gave Sheffield Wednesday victory over Huddersfield at Bramall Lane.
Controversial breast implants made by a French firm have ruptured, according to a report by RTL.
The leader of the Welsh Labour Party has said the party's election campaign will be "a fight for the people of Wales".
Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time.
The chairman of a Gloucestershire council has been accused of failing to listen to his colleagues during a Commons debate.
Italy's Francesco Molinari shot a four-under-par 65 to win the PGA Championship by one shot.
A record number of black-tailed birds have been spotted on the Isle of Tiree, according to the RSPB.
China's state media have reacted angrily to US President Barack Obama's criticism of China's island-building programme.
French police say they have found a large cat that they believe to be a lynx.
Five people have been arrested in England and Wales in connection with a growing problem of hacking into people's personal computers.
The head of a reform taskforce set up to investigate corruption at football's world governing body has resigned.
One of the UK's best-selling children's books has been named the winner of the Waterstones Children's Book Awards.
The closure of Eastbourne Hospital could have a "catastrophic impact" on children's health, a charity has warned.
Guinea's capital, Ouagadougou, has been declared free of the deadly Ebola virus.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK.
A painting of the crucifixion of Jesus has been given the go-ahead by the National Heritage Lottery Fund.
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 83.
A pilot is in a critical condition in hospital after a light aircraft crashed into a bungalow.
Millwall boss Stuart McCall says he is "disappointed" that stewards were allowed to take part in a stewards' row at the end of the game.
Holyrood's fiscal framework talks have been adjourned until the end of March, the Scottish government has said.
The Palestinian Authority's Supreme Court has blocked the start of a general election in the occupied West Bank.
Nigeria's top anti-corruption official, Ibrahim Dasuki, has been arrested on suspicion of corruption.
Georgia head coach Gregor Haig says he is "disappointed" with the current structure of the Six Nations.
The family of a woman who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to her.
A Nigerian actress has apologised for a video in which she kissed a man in a traditional Nigerian film.
UK house prices have risen for the second month in a row, according to official figures.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert Peres has died at the age of 83.
A sculpture has been created to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a Scottish poet.
Timbuktu, the capital of the Central African Republic (CAR), is one of the world's most important cities.
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Caerphilly county.
A 12-year-old girl has been attacked by a police dog during a drugs test.
It is one of the most beautiful places in the world.
Police Scotland has been criticised for failing to identify child sexual exploitation in Scotland.
One of the world's most famous collectors has died at the age of 83.
A former head of the counter-terrorism unit at Birmingham City Council has said the government's Prevent strategy has failed.
Great Britain have been knocked out of the World Handball Championships after failing to reach the semi-finals.
Shares in Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors have fallen more than 5% after the firm said it would cut its profit forecast.
The UK has arrived in Libya for the first time in more than two years.
Hollywood star George Clooney has been asked to install CCTV cameras on his Oxfordshire home.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said a UK exit from the European Union would be "impossible".
Former Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new two-year contract with the Super Eagles.
England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Johannesburg.
Ligue 1 side Paris St-Germain have signed striker Yannick Bissouma for an undisclosed fee.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Leicester to celebrate the Diwali festival.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has suspended a laboratory at Bloemfontein, South Africa.
A volunteer crew member at a lifeboat station in Jersey has resigned.
Virat Kohli is one of the best cricketers in the world.
A vicar has been cleared of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl at a church.
Oil and gas workers in the North Sea have ended a three-day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Essex took control of the second day of their One-Day Cup match against West Indies at Chester-le-Street.
A man has been jailed for two years for trying to rob a bank by pretending to be a man.
The leader of the Labour Party, Shami Chakrabarti, has been given a peerage by Jeremy Corbyn.
When I first met the founder of Bitcoin, I had no idea what he was talking about.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with causing the death of a man who was hit by a car.
Plans to cut maternity services at a Denbighshire hospital have been approved by a health board.
North Korea has been linked to a major cyber-attack on Sony Pictures, the UK's intelligence agency has said.
A new panel of estate agents is to be set up in Powys.
It's been a year since a British cyclist won the Olympic gold medal for the first time.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) says it has found more than 53,000 photographs of torture victims smuggled out of Syria.
The Northern Ireland secretary of state should have been allowed to take part in the Republic of Ireland's national anthem, a senior DUP MP has said.
A referee has been charged by the Confederation of African Football (Caf) after a player was kicked in the face during a match.
If you've ever wondered what it is like to vote for a presidential candidate, you might be forgiven for wondering.
The author, Gaia, has won a prestigious award for her new book, The Anthropocene.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Bangkok to protest against the government's handling of the country's election campaign.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was attacked in a car park.
Scotland's biggest airports have called for full devolution of the Air Passenger Duty (APD) tax.
Wales head coach Paul McBryde has signed a new three-year contract with the British and Irish Lions.
Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed an ancient Christian monastery in northern Iraq, state media report.
Ex-military veterans have a higher risk of suicide than non-veterans, according to a new study.
The number of people in care homes in England and Wales is at an all-time low, a charity has said.
England batsman Eoin Morgan is not the best player in the world, according to former England batsman Mark Boycott.
Peter Pan's famous Moat Brae castle in Dumfries and Galloway has been put up for sale.
Mae'r ymwelwyr wneud neu weld yn cynnig rhywbeth newydd ar arbennig yn llwyddyn nesaf.
UKIP, UKIP and the Liberal Democrats have said they will work together to tackle the NHS in Staffordshire.
Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) has been fined £1m by the UK's competition watchdog for stealing money from the NHS.
The son of one of the world's most successful footballers has launched a campaign to honour him.
A bird flu outbreak has been confirmed at a poultry farm in Lancashire.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in Devon.
US President Barack Obama has been shot in the head during a security visit to the White House, US media report.
Mae llefarydd ar ran yr Eisteddfod wythnos ym yng Nghymru.
Burkina Faso's former opposition leader has met the leader of the country's main opposition party, Shwein.
The Hunting Act should be reformed, a campaigner has said.
US House Speaker John Boehner has been known to cry a lot.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been in Silicon Valley for more than a decade.
Sports Direct, the owner of Sports Direct, has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
Chinese authorities are trying to repatriate two members of the world's most famous circus, Cavalia, who were arrested in Beijing last week.
BBC Sport's darts expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season.
The US has called on the Libyan government to step up its fight against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
The leader of Spain's main opposition party, the Popular Party (PP), has been charged with corruption.
Bangladesh's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has visited India for the first time in more than a decade.
A former police officer has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing a 13-year-old boy.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic does not want to leave Paris St-Germain, says manager Arsene Wenger.
Three British tourists have been given suspended jail terms after being found guilty of insulting a guide in Malaysia.
Benedict Cumberbatch's latest film, Dory, has topped the UK box office for the first time.
Pregnant women in the UK are more likely to have an emergency Caesarean section than those in other countries, a study suggests.
A council's chief executive has been suspended following allegations of sexual harassment.
Great Britain's men's taekwondo team have been selected to represent the country at this year's European Championships.
Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone has confirmed he will remain at the club until the end of the season.
Mae fyddiaethau Crefyddol yn ôl yng Nghymru Cymru wedi cael ei dros addysg o bryd yn debybyddol.
Former world champion Michael Williams will play in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship in Sheffield.
Three men have been charged over a protest at London's Heathrow Airport.
Former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci has been sacked by President Donald Trump.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have extended the contracts of striker Saido Berahoudi and midfielder Saido Mosharraj.
A former police officer has been jailed for six years for sexually abusing vulnerable women.
Fleetwood Mac will headline this year's Glastonbury festival, organisers have confirmed.
The lawyer for US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden has said he will not leave Russia.
League Two side Walsall have re-signed former Norwich City midfielder David Money on a two-year deal.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has said it is "very concerned" about the use of Russian aircraft in Syria.
A 14-year-old boy has drowned after falling into a river.
A fountain has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the creation of the first Czechoslovakian army.
Hull's bid to become the world's most successful city has raised more than £1m.
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has been suspended following the inquests into the Hillsborough disaster.
The number of people seeking asylum in the European Union has reached a record high, the European Commission has said.
Dutch investigators say they have found parts of the fuselage of a Malaysia Airlines plane that crashed in eastern Ukraine last year.
A former Pembrokeshire foster care worker has been found guilty of sexually abusing children.
A five-year-old girl with leukaemia has been granted permission to take part in a trial in Seattle.
Fragments of ancient pine trees have been discovered in Canada.
Councillors have been accused of "misleading" a council over plans to convert a beach into a mixed mix of sand and water.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte is in the midst of a remarkable turnaround in his side's fortunes.
Great Britain's Mark Burnell has won his third gold medal of the season in the men's 100m breaststroke at the London Marathon.
Northern Ireland's new assembly has been sworn in by First Minister Martin McGuinness.
League Two side Plymouth Argyle have signed striker Luke Nelson and striker Wayne Rooney on loan until the end of the season.
Aston Villa and Aston Villa have been fined £10,000 each for "disrespectful conduct" during their FA Cup semi-final defeat at Aston Villa.
Two women have been arrested on suspicion of neglect following the death of a five-year-old boy at a school.
Olympic gold medallist Emma Croker has been named in England's squad for the Women's Six Nations.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at his home in west Belfast.
The Loch Ness Monster has been spotted in a woodland near Inverness, a charity has said.
The UK economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
A bridge in Durham which was closed for more than a year has reopened to traffic.
Former Mauritius footballer Paul Leopold has been arrested in Mauritius on suspicion of drug trafficking.
Lewis Hamilton held off Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to win the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Singer Damien Hirst is to write a new book about his life, which will be published later this year.
Dundee United chairman Paul Milne has said the club is in a "good position" following the club's decision to move to a new stadium.
Two dogs have been reunited with their owners following the death of a woman in Dumfries and Galloway.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a five-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
A man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was hit by a car in Staffordshire.
Arsenal midfielder Ashley Williams has been named Women's FA Women's Player of the Year.
An Edinburgh gym has reopened to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
Italian composer Paolo Morricino has said he is "very happy" to be collaborating with Quentin Tarantino on a new film.
Britain's Daryll Neita set a new world record in the women's 100m at the World Championships in London.
More than half of Australians are living in poverty, according to a charity.
One of Newcastle's biggest pharmaceutical companies, Accord Pharmaceuticals, has announced it is to create 100 new jobs in the city.
Leicester Speedway chairman Paul Bates has confirmed that he is in talks with the team's owners.
A man has been found dead at a recycling plant in Derbyshire.
A woman accused of murdering her three-year-old daughter has been granted permission to stay at a psychiatric hospital in Belfast.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace as part of a renewed appeal for information.
Human rights groups have called on the Home Office to ban the use of "unauthorised" restraint techniques on immigration workers.
A new study has been published in the journal Nature Neuroscience.
Early access to antiretroviral drugs for people with HIV has been found to be the most effective treatment for the disease.
Carrick Rangers have signed midfielder Michael McAllister for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Farmers in Oxfordshire are to be allowed to build ditches on their land, under government plans.
A British man has become the first man to win the World Strongman Championship.
More than a third of holidaymakers in the UK have been victims of fraud, a charity has said.
A number of Muslim schools in England have been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
Worcestershire all-rounder Mitch Ventner will miss the rest of the season with a broken finger.
West Ham have signed a new deal with the club's women's team.
Schools in England need to do more to encourage young people to take part in the arts, a report has said.
Crystal Palace came from behind to beat Southampton and reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time.
The Football Association of Ireland (FAI) has won a legal battle with the Football Association over the dismissal of former boss Michael O'Leary.
The former editor of the News of the World has gone on trial in London charged with phone hacking.
Six athletes from Italy have been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after being found guilty of doping offences.
A man who defamed his ex-partner's ex-girlfriend has been jailed for five years.
Police in Mexico say they are searching for a man who was kidnapped by a gang of masked men in the capital, Ciudad Victoria.
Leicester maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Bournemouth at Vicarage Road.
Uefa president Michel Platini has failed in his bid to appeal against his suspension from football's governing body.
The UK's largest airline, Monarch, has said it has no plans to sell its stake in the airline.
Plans to merge parts of Cotswold and Gloucestershire have been criticised by the Public Health Agency (PHA).
A Wolverhampton council has said it will not be able to meet its budget targets for the next five years.
Goldman Sachs has announced plans to hire more students in the US as part of a shake-up of its recruitment strategy.
Claudio Ranieri's second-half equaliser gave Liverpool victory over Leicester in the Premier League.
Gloucester beat La Rochelle to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
A Christian woman has become the first person in the world to marry a non-religious person.
Five people have been charged in connection with the Yahoo data breach, the US Department of Justice has announced.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FFL) has called on clubs to crack down on the sale of season tickets.
A massive email dump of personal data belonging to Ashley Madison's chief executive has been published online.
The number of people living in Northern Ireland is expected to rise by more than 50% in the next five years, according to new figures.
Nathan Thompson's first-half equaliser gave Millwall victory over Swindon.
A police appeal for information about a missing man has been launched.
Drivers in Dumfries and Galloway are being warned about the dangers of using lorries.
Artificial intelligence has been trained to correctly diagnose skin cancer, a study suggests.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says he has no plans to sign Manchester United midfielder David de Gea.
Footballer Paul Carlisle has been banned from driving for four years after being found guilty of drink-driving.
A section of a dual carriageway in Somerset has reopened after being closed for four days.
The weight of a dog has increased after it was rescued from a wooded area in Somerset.
Comedian Rosie O'Donnell has been diagnosed with a heart attack.
A VJ Day service has been held in Portsmouth to mark the end of World War Two.
The family of a boxer who died after being knocked out by a professional boxer have paid tribute to him.
Dozens of people have died in a landslide in the Spanish city of Salgar, officials say.
Venezuela's capital, Havana, has been gripped by the worst economic crisis in decades.
A clock on the Tower of London has been switched off for the first time since the end of World War Two.
Barcelona manager Luis Enrique said he was "disappointed" with his side's 2-1 defeat by Real Madrid in the Copa del Rey.
A man accused of shooting a fox in the head has told a court he did not see any shots fired.
A man who defrauded his former colleagues out of more than £1m has been jailed for 14 years.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has called for the introduction of a ban on the import of wine and spirits from abroad.
The family of a British man who was arrested in India on suspicion of possessing arms has said they are "devastated" that the Supreme Court has ruled he is not guilty.
The number of nurses and midwives in Scotland is at an all-time high, according to the Scottish Nurses' Association.
A father has been accused of punching his three-year-old son in the head with a claw hammer, a court heard.
A former commander of a Royal Navy ship which sank off the Falklands has said he was "devastated" to find the remains of a sunken ship.
A Pembrokeshire estate has been granted the right to develop tidal energy on the Anglesey coast.
Jockey John McCoy has become the first jockey to win a double at the Cheltenham Festival.
A court in the UK has ruled that airlines should pay compensation to passengers who have had their flights delayed for more than three hours.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has called for an investigation into alleged spying by the US.
Swansea City have won the FA Cup for the second year in a row with a 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace.
Plans for a dual carriageway around Stonehenge should be considered, a South West MP has said.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has confirmed he has won the leadership of the party.
The chancellor has said he will not rule out a rise in the top rate of income tax.
The plight of the Rohingya Muslim minority in Myanmar is one of the most hotly contested issues in the country's history.
The inheritance tax (IHT) is one of the biggest taxes in the UK.
A Dundee-based savings firm, Alliance Savings Trust, has been bought by a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
The BBC has announced plans to expand its World Service to more than 100 languages by 2020.
A bus driver has been found guilty of causing more than £1m in damage to buses.
A Canadian man has spoken of the moment he was struck by lightning at his wedding.
Parents should limit the amount of time they spend playing with their children, a study suggests.
Plymouth Argyle have signed forwards Laurence Pope and Laurence Doyle on two-year contracts.
A woman has died after being hit by a van in Cumbria.
Councils in Wales will no longer be allowed to broadcast live council meetings, the Welsh Government has said.
Wasps extended their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points with a hard-fought victory over Bath.
One of the world's best-known bloggers, Nikki, has been talking about how to stay safe online.
West Ham striker Gary Snodgrass has appeared in court accused of driving a car with a baby in the back.
A Turkish airline has cancelled a flight from Mogadishu to Djibouti after a video emerged showing a suicide bomber carrying al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
Argentina's new president, Mauricio Macri, has been sworn in.
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in a "ferocious" attack has told a court he feared for his life.
The owners of a seaside pier which was badly damaged in a fire are to sell their shares to raise money for its restoration.
Microsoft has said it is reviewing its handling of a cyber-attack on a blogger's email account.
Rail passenger numbers on Arriva Trains Wales have fallen by more than a third in the last three years, Network Rail chief executive Peter Skates has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a van in County Armagh.
A statue of Cecil Rhodes has been removed from a South African university.
Newport Gwent Dragons director of rugby Steve Westley has told BBC Wales he is "not interested" in the club's future at Rodney Parade.
Wales has the best GCSE results in the UK, according to official results.
East Midlands Airport has celebrated its 100th anniversary.
Police in Tenerife have released a list of the most wanted British fugitives in Spain.
British number one Andy Murray has apologised for his behaviour during the Wimbledon semi-final.
Tourists are being warned to stay away from two of Jersey's most famous seabirds.
Plans for a new prison in Wrexham have been criticised by councillors.
Cambridge United have signed striker Mark Roberts on a two-year deal following his release by Forest Green Rovers.
A body has been found in a river in Cumbria.
A six-month-old baby boy has been killed by a dog at a house in Northamptonshire.
A man accused of stealing a dog from his leg has been refused bail.
Former Welsh Prime Minister Sir Vince Cable has said the government's offer to buy Tata Steel has been "very good".
A man who was refused a McDonald's drive-thru has said he will have to drive a horse to get to the restaurant.
Valencia were held to a goalless draw by Valencia in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final.
A man has been found guilty of the murder of a woman in the Brazilian city of Paraiba.
Scientists have found that eating a low-calorie diet can help people lose weight.
A mental health unit has been criticised by a watchdog for failing to improve its services.
Great Britain's Laura Muir has been named in the Great Britain team for the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Serbia.
Ed Miliband's plans to privatise the NHS in Wales are "not credible", Labour has said.
Health boards in Scotland have spent more than £1m on food last year, according to new figures.
Apple has reported a drop in sales of its latest iPhones for the first time in three years.
A London-based trader has gone on trial accused of rigging the UK's stock market.
Great Britain have reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals for the first time.
A security officer at Sydney International Airport has been suspended, the Australian government has said.
A man has been taken to hospital after a drum drum exploded at a factory in Londonderry.
A former police and crime commissioner has been found guilty of misconduct in office.
Somerset have signed South Africa all-rounder Michael van der van der Niekerk on a two-year deal.
Firefighters in California are battling a huge wildfire that has killed at least 13 people.
Edinburgh-based Vert Vertic Rotor has raised more than £1m in funding to expand its operations.
The Royal Bank of Scotland has launched a new £5 plastic note.
Ipswich Town maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Middlesbrough.
At the age of 16, Chand Chand was one of the most successful female athletes in the world.
Drugs worth more than £1m have been seized during a police operation in the Republic of Ireland.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of having a "big problem" with Israel.
A Welsh businessman has called for the name of Cardiff International Airport to be changed.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a farm in Hampshire.
Former British Cycling chief executive Michael Cookson has said he does not believe there was a culture of bullying at the organisation.
The Scottish election debate will be broadcast live on BBC Scotland later this week.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has apologised for "misleading" the British business community during a visit to London.
The Church of England has approved a rise in the cost of weddings and funerals.
The remains of two soldiers who died during World War One have been laid to rest.
Mae feddygon yng Nghwm Cynon wedi gormod o gleifion yn dechrau triniaeth pan mae ei wella.
Mae'r pwerau ar ynghylch lle mae dweud yn dylid symud ymlaen yn y dyfodol.
More than 18,000 homes will be built at UK military sites, the Ministry of Defence has said.
Dagenham & Redbridge came from behind to beat Dagenham and Redbridge.
Liam Malan hit a career-best 147 as England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Cape Town.
A rare exotic cat has been found dead in a Ceredigion park.
Thousands of people are expected to attend this year's Tents of the World festival, organisers have said.
Indonesia's search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been hampered by a new signal.
Video games are a huge part of our daily lives.
A look back at some of the best quotes from the week in entertainment.
The family of a man who died after a car crash in Inverness have paid tribute to him.
Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Blackburn Rovers have signed striker Jack Vaughan on loan until the end of the season.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Stoke-on-Trent.
One of the most famous football clubs in the world, Wimbledon, has been given the go-ahead to make a film.
A decade ago, India was one of the most successful countries in the world.
Swansea City striker Gylfi Sigurdsson says his side's performance against Aston Villa helped them to their first win of the season.
Peter Fanning has been crowned world champion for the first time after the death of his brother Peter.
Chris Groenewegen won the Tour de Yorkshire for the third year in a row with victory in the final stage.
Greece is in the midst of a financial crisis.
A man has been arrested after a gun was found in a block of flats in east London.
The world's governing body, Fifa, is in the midst of a major crisis.
Plans for an extension of the Euston railway station have been criticised by a Conservative MP.
Plans for more than 1,000 new student accommodation units in Belfast have been submitted to the city council.
The British Film Institute (BFI) has said the number of films made in the UK last year reached a record high.
The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra has announced plans to play some of the most famous pieces of classical music at the Royal Albert Hall this year.
American Adam Mitchell-Blake-Schellchell-Blake has broken the 100m world record for the first time.
Guinea reached the quarter-finals of the Under-20 World Cup with a 2-1 win over Argentina.
Six teenagers have been jailed for carrying out a series of "sick game" robberies in Birmingham.
Dundee Football Club's chief executive has said the club's finances are not in doubt.
Serena Williams became the oldest woman to win a Grand Slam title with victory over sister Venus in the Australian Open final.
Strictly Come Dancing has been named the BBC's best TV programme for the third year running.
Plans for major infrastructure projects in East Renfrewshire have been unveiled.
Wales' Green Party has said it will work with renewable energy companies to reduce energy bills.
Plans for a new leisure centre in Bluff have been given the go-ahead.
Scotland captain Michael Coetzee says his side are ready to take on Afghanistan in the first of three one-day internationals in Afghanistan.
A house once owned by the Beatles has sold at auction for more than £1m.
A World War One medal has been found in a field in Pembrokeshire.
The family of a man who was murdered in Greater Manchester have said they are "devastated" his body has not been returned to police.
Cambridgeshire midfielder Callum McCann says he has no doubt he will be able to recover from his broken leg.
Shares in China's main share index have fallen more than 1% after the country's central bank said it would cut interest rates.
Wales international scrum-half Scott Williams has signed a new dual-contract with the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
A crane has been used to remove illegal drugs from a prison.
The families of two people who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to each other.
Two ex-offenders have found a new way to find work.
Human remains have been found in a mass grave in the northern Mexican state of Morelos, officials say.
Some of the world's most important animals are at risk from climate change, according to new research.
Plans to build a new motorway through the Gwent have been criticised by a wildlife charity.
(Close): London's main share index closed lower after the Bank of England voted to raise interest rates.
The chairman of the inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire has sent a letter to the prime minister.
A German man has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German media report.
The opening of Matilda has been postponed after a performance of the play was cancelled.
Parking companies in Scotland are failing to comply with the law, according to a watchdog.
Labour has retained control of Cardiff Central and Penarth in the assembly election.
Greece's governing New Democracy party has won a majority of votes in the country's parliamentary elections.
Opec, the world's largest oil and gas producer, has announced that it will cut production for the first time this year.
Germain head coach Mehmet Mehmedi says he does not think Lionel Messi is the best player at this summer's World Cup.
It's been a busy week for the prime minister.
A man has been arrested in connection with an alleged sexual assault at a military base in Aberdeen.
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have signed defender Callum Bibb on loan until the end of the season.
A film criticising the ban on beef in India's western state of Maharashtra has been refused permission by the government.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have found a mosaic floor at the holiest site of the holy city of Jerusalem.
UK salmon exports rose by more than 10% in the first three months of the year, according to a trade body.
Premier League clubs have been announced for the 2017-18 season.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £10,000 from a charity in County Londonderry.
Young people are more likely to be victims of identity theft, according to a new report.
A man's body has been found in a Glasgow street, police have said.
Sinn Féin's deputy chief constable has said there has been a "significant increase" in anti-government protests in Northern Ireland.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with hacking into the Mumsnet website.
The funeral of a mother and her three children has taken place in Oxfordshire.
Councils across Wales have voted to increase the amount of council tax they pay.
Rock star Phil Collins has donated his collection of memorabilia from the Battle of the Texas-Mexico border to the city of Houston.
Wakefield Trinity reached the Super League quarter-finals for the first time with a hard-fought victory over Castleford Tigers.
Hamilton Academical manager Paatelainen says his side are in a "fight for survival" against Kilmarnock.
A venomous iguana has been found hiding under a tree in a Suffolk town.
This year's Brit Awards are taking place in London.
The European Space Agency (ESA) has launched a satellite that will be the world's most powerful space telescope.
A woman who says she was sexually harassed by a ride-hailing firm has told the BBC she has been told she will never work at the firm again.
Manchester United have confirmed that they have completed the transfer of goalkeeper David De Gea to Real Madrid.
A ban on laptops and other electronic devices in the cabin of planes at Heathrow Airport is a huge step forward.
Belgium's capital, Brussels, has reopened to the public for the first time since the Brussels airport bombings.
A Chinese watermelon farmer who was beaten to death by a chengguan has died, his family has said.
Belgium international Sophie Middidd has signed a new two-year deal with Dutch side Ajax.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie has been taken to hospital after fracturing his eye socket in a match against Turkish side Hapoel Beer Sheva.
Olly Lee's first-half equaliser gave Exeter City victory over Luton in League Two.
Oscar-winning rapper Lamar has released a new album.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The chief executive of Manchester City Council is to get a pay rise of more than £50,000 over the next five years.
Canadian MPs have voted to change the national anthem to O Canada.
A former US gymnastics doctor has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing young girls.
The family of a suffragette murdered during World War Two are to be honoured at a ceremony in Derby.
The family of a Canadian man who died when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of Toulon have paid tribute to him.
South Korea's Ko Ko has become the youngest woman to win a major at the Women's LPGA Classic.
Championship side Tottenham Hotspur have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Christian Bentaleb for an undisclosed fee.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend to death has been jailed for life.
Dundee United were held to a draw by Raith Rovers despite a late equaliser from Andre Andreu.
Germany's biggest bank, Deutsche Bank, has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year.
Online retailer Home Retail has reported a drop in sales for the first half of the year as it struggles to compete with rival Argos.
In our series of letters from African journalists, author and columnist Adaobi considers the role of the army in the process of revolution.
Michael Hill has died at the age of 90.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a charity bike ride through the streets of London.
A woman has been shot dead in the southern Indian state of Chittagong, police say.
A man has been jailed for four years for trying to steal a police officer's car.
A man has died after falling into the sea off the Isle of Man.
A woman accused of murdering her ex-boyfriend has told a court she feared police would not come to her aid.
One of Nottinghamshire's oldest pram shops has sold for more than £10,000 at auction.
A cyclist has been jailed for life for causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving.
Defending champions Gloucestershire took control on day one of their County Championship match against Somerset.
More than 1,000 children have been reported to police in England and Wales for being involved in sexting.
A man has been jailed for three years for threatening to bomb Bristol Airport.
England maintained their 100% start to the second Test in Cardiff as they beat Australia by eight wickets on day two.
Wakefield Trinity have extended the contract of Tonga international Sam Taumai until the end of the 2017 season.
Two of the world's biggest smartphone manufacturers, Lenovo and Acer, have unveiled new versions of their devices.
The World Health Organization (WHO) says processed meat is more likely to cause cancer than cooked meat.
Southern rail workers have voted to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
A dissident republican republican has been shot dead by a police officer in County Armagh.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said the UK will not face a cliff edge when it leaves the European Union.
South Korea's Kim Sung-hyun shot a four-under-par 65 to win the LPGA Women's Tour Championship for the second year in a row.
An 18-year-old Italian girl has launched a legal action against a gay rights group after a photo of her was posted on a Facebook page.
Britain's Shona Cox has become the first woman to win a gold medal at the World Squash Championships.
Muller Dairy Crest, one of the world's largest dairy farms, has agreed to buy Robert Wiseman for an undisclosed sum.
Visa has warned consumers that the UK's economy is in a "toxic state" and that they are spending too much.
A disabled man who had to use a wheelchair to get to a train station has said he is "disappointed" he has not been able to get a lift.
A water fountain in Caerphilly has reopened to the public for the first time since the Queen's birth.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been confirmed as the first man to fly on the International Space Station.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was shot dead in Nottinghamshire.
Fernando Alonso held off Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel to win the Japanese Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
The number of people killed in flooding in parts of Japan has risen to 16, officials say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at how technology is changing the way we watch TV.
Scottish Premiership side Hamilton Academical have parted company with midfielder Jack Waddington.
More than 1,000 pups have been born at a Norfolk beach.
The number of Hainan gibbons in China has almost halved, according to a new study.
Plans to raise VAT by 18% in England and Wales have been defeated by the Commons.
Plaid Cymru has accused the Welsh government of failing to protect the UK's steel industry.
Manchester City Council has unveiled plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in the centre of the city.
Liverpool's season is over and it's time for the Premier League to get back to the top of the table.
British number one Heather Waters reached the semi-finals of the British Open for the first time with a straight-set victory over Laura Waters.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at how the Labour Party has dealt with anti-Semitism in recent years.
Disney has announced it is to make a sequel to Frozen, the animated film that topped the US box office last year.
The Women's FA Cup final will be held at Wembley in 2017, organisers have said.
The United Nations Security Council has condemned North Korea's rocket launch of a satellite.
Burnley striker Conor Gray scored twice as the Championship strugglers held on to beat Bolton Wanderers at Ashton Gate.
Lancashire all-rounder Liam Livingstone made his first first-class century of the season as Nottinghamshire took control of the second day against Nottinghamshire.
Britain's Chris Rivington won the Great North City Championships for the second year in a row with victory in the men's 10,000m.
The family of a woman who died in a two-car crash in Aberdeen have paid tribute to her.
Dog poo is on the rise in Scotland, according to a new survey.
Chelsea midfielder Terry has been sent off for a red card in the 1-1 draw with Manchester United.
Six men have been jailed for their roles in a gang of jewellery thieves that stole more than £1m from museums and art galleries.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at some of the key issues facing Kenya's political parties.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is one of the world's largest international organisations.
A football fan has raised more than £10,000 for a hospice in Sheffield.
Aston Villa boss Steve Sherwood says his side's "winning mentality" is still intact after their FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa.
Edinburgh head coach Gregor Townsend says his side are "disappointed" after failing to reach the semi-finals of the European Challenge Cup.
In the early 1970s, the Clyde shipyard was one of the world's most important shipyards.
A woman who was raped by her ex-boyfriend has been found guilty of attempted murder.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane has the potential to become a world-class player, according to former England striker Paul Murphy.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the quarter-finals of the French Open with a straight-set victory over Canada's Pierre-Hugues Pospisil.
The creator of Etch A Sketch has died at the age of 83.
The UK's Green Investment Bank (GIB) is to be sold to private investors, the government has said.
A solar-powered phone box has been unveiled in central London.
Samsung has recalled more than 1.5 million of its Galaxy Note 7 phones, the latest in a series of recalls.
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing boys.
The US space agency, Nasa, has released the first pictures of its Curiosity rover on Mars.
A Welsh Conservative MP has called for an independent review into the health service's handling of her claims about her husband's death.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol.
More than 1,000 unregistered schools in England and Wales are being investigated by Ofsted.
Aberdeen councillors have voted in favour of a controversial plan for a new garden in the city centre.
A former commander of the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Upholder has died at the age of 83.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi has been cleared of tax evasion by a Spanish court.
Celtic will face Partick Thistle in the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
Hospitals in England could be forced to cut the number of patients they refer over winter, a leading charity has said.
Former US military intelligence chief General David Petraeus has said he would like to be the next president of the United States.
Taiwan's first Buddhist monk, Hsieh Hsiao, has been practising Buddhism for more than 20 years.
A children's hospital in Rhondda Cynon Taff has opened to the public.
Breastfeeding is the best way to raise a baby, a campaign group has said.
A woman from Australia has pleaded guilty to travelling to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State group.
The European Union has agreed to create a list of "non-tax havens" in response to the Panama Papers leak.
Celtic have agreed a deal to sign Nigeria midfielder Anthony Ambrose until the end of the season.
Tens of thousands of birds of prey have been attacked in the Arctic, the Environment Agency has said.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, with Wall Street leading the way.
The chairman of the BHS chain, Sir Philip Green, has offered a knighthood to a group of BHS workers, the BBC has learned.
Glasgow Warriors fly-half Leone Nakarama has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
New Zealand all-rounder Alastair Patel has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
The number of women diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Senior military figures have written to the prime minister urging him to reopen a review into the UK's ability to carry out air strikes in Libya.
Scientists are trying to find a new way to get rid of the Earth's crust.
Men and women are more likely to engage in quiet thinking than women, a study suggests.
A 13-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a dog.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in central London.
Researchers in Taiwan say they have discovered a new way to control a spider's jumping ability.
Exeter Chiefs have extended the contracts of two of their best-known players, Dan Salvi and Alex Crossmann.
Leicestershire chairman Paul Slochetti says he is "very happy" with the new ownership structure of the club.
It's been a busy start to the Premier League season.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election result has dominated the front pages of both the Daily Mirror and the Daily Express.
Domino's Pizza has reported better-than-expected pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
Blackburn Rovers have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Alex Osbourne on a two-year deal.
At least 23 people have been killed in a suicide attack on a museum in the Tunisian capital, Sousse, officials say.
Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) leader Gerry Adams has said the party has reached "the limits of its ability".
President Barack Obama has arrived at the African Union (AU) headquarters in Washington, DC.
Michael Farquhar has been discharged from hospital following a crash at the Isle of Man TT.
There has been a rise in the number of incidents involving pedestrians on trains in Wales, according to the National Transport Safety Agency (NTSA).
World number one Tiger Woods says he is taking medication to help him sleep better.
The Syrian government says it has reached a ceasefire with rebel fighters in the city of Aleppo.
Arsenal and Liverpool have been drawn in the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time.
A man has been found guilty of setting fire to a house in the Scottish Highlands, a court has heard.
France's President Francois Hollande has rejected a proposal to strip French citizens of their French nationality.
The Green Party has pledged to abolish a tax on sanitary products.
Police are appealing for information after a cash machine was blown up during a robbery at a bank in East Lothian.
The Co-op Insurance Company has been told it will be able to provide a list of insurance protection for its customers.
South Africa's highest court has upheld the acquittal of Olympic gold medallist Oscar Pistorius.
Russia's foreign minister has accused the US of failing to take back control of the Syrian opposition.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a fun slide in Londonderry.
A Chinese film criticising air pollution has been removed from YouTube.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was assaulted at a house in Londonderry.
Dagenham and Redbridge came from behind to beat Bromley in the first half of the National League.
More than 1,000 children are being sexually exploited in England each year, a report has found.
Edinburgh distiller Crawford Gillies has stepped down from his role as chairman of the Scottish distiller.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed higher on Friday, recovering some of the losses seen in the previous session.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Mansour al-Hussein has said he does not believe in Sharia law, according to an audio message.
Worcestershire's Toni Tongue hit a century to help Glamorgan take control of the second day of the first Test at Headingley.
A man accused of hitting a lollipop-wielding woman in the face has told a court he was blinded by the sun.
Clint Dempsey has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury.
Tributes have been paid to a man whose body was found in a Kent lake.
Barcelona have agreed to pay an extra £1m to the club for the signing of Brazil striker Neymar.
The US has overtaken China as the world's largest investor in clean energy, according to a new report.
Plans for a temporary bridge over a river have been approved by a county council.
A football club has returned to Scarborough for the first time in more than a decade.
A Dundee man has been found guilty of importing two stun guns from China.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller has resigned.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being found unconscious in a street.
A reality TV star who has been criticised for his lack of tanning has said he was "shocked" by the reaction he received.
Ben Carson, the Republican candidate for president of the United States, has been accused of lying about his childhood.
Nigeria's Fifa president, Issa Adamu, has denied being investigated by the country's ethics committee.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Astronomers have discovered new ways to map dark matter.
Nigeria's parliament has approved a bill that would criminalise the use of social media.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has been suspended by the Football Association for "disrespectful" comments made to Chelsea midfielder Claudia Carneiro.
Nigeria's Islamist militant group Boko Haram has offered a reward for information leading to its capture.
George loves to shop!
Six people have died after a boat carrying migrants capsized off the Libyan coast, a human rights group says.
The family of a soldier killed in Afghanistan have paid tribute to him.
The UK Independence Party has spent more than £1m on campaigning for the European Parliament than any other party, official figures show.
Super League side Salford Red Devils have appointed ex-Salford St Helens defender Matt Forster as their new head coach.
At least 20 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, officials say.
US President-elect Donald Trump's plan to cut foreign aid to the US has been criticised by former US officials.
Have you ever wondered what it's like to live in a lake in India?
A 79-year-old man has been stabbed to death in south Wales.
A bronze reverse has been unveiled at the Para-athletics World Championships in London.
A ban on the sale of legal highs has been lifted in England and Wales.
Images courtesy of AFP, Getty Images and Reuters
Shares in some of the world's biggest companies have fallen more than 10% after a glitch in a software update.
A man who groped women in public places has been jailed for three months.
Plans to phase out some of the world's most harmful greenhouse gases are under way in a bid to save the ozone layer.
Mobile phone firm EE has launched a drone that can send balloons to remote areas of the world.
Wales captain Sam Warburton says Saturday's Six Nations match against England at Twickenham will be "like a Mexican wave".
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised for saying he was opposed to so-called Islamic State.
Plans for a wind farm in Inverness have been approved by councillors.
The Scottish and Welsh governments have said they are prepared to take legal action against the UK's Brexit bill.
Taxi-hailing app Uber says it has lost more than $2bn (£1.2bn) in revenue in China in the last three years.
Parents of children at a children's holiday camp have criticised the company after it was removed from its website.
Gennady Golovkin says he will not fight Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez in the middleweight division again.
A man has died following a crash at Dundee Airport.
Former England captain Tom Finney has been described as one of the greatest players of all time.
Championship side Watford have signed former Watford striker Paul Verheindt on a season-long loan deal.
The head of the Pakistani army's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), has resigned.
A baby born at Huddersfield Royal Infirmary has died, an inquest has heard.
The UK's banking regulator should be able to set up a ring-fencing system, according to a new draft bill.
A man has died after being shot in the head in Sheffield.
A man has died after falling to his death on a coral reef.
Scientists say they have found a way to prevent brain damage after a stroke.
Plans for a joint training centre for firefighters and firefighters in Northern Ireland have been submitted to the assembly.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a mountain in Aberdeenshire.
It's the first day of the opening game of a blind cricket tournament in the West Indies.
The family of a six-year-old boy with Duchenne muscular dystrophy are trying to find a cure for the disease.
A woman has appealed against her conviction for stealing more than £10,000 from a County Armagh castle.
Olympic gold medallist Ryan Lochte has withdrawn his sponsorship of Speedo after being accused of urinating in a toilet.
Lancashire beat Durham by eight wickets to reach the third round of the One-Day Cup.
Middlesbrough boss Slavisa Jokanovic says the club are not in a rush to reach the Premier League.
A new office building in Belfast city centre has been given the go ahead.
It's been almost a year since Claire first started walking.
California's San Bernardino County jail has been criticised by the US Department of Justice for failing to improve its handling of inmates.
A fruit that has been frozen for more than a year has finally been grown in South Yorkshire.
Jamaican Karolina Nalbandian has been banned from the world's top level of karate for three years.
Team Sky team-mate Chris Brailsford says he is "devastated" to have won the Tour de France.
A huge piece of old bread has been found in a field in the Republic of Ireland.
Manager Pedro Caixinha's first game as Rangers manager has been described as a "must-win" for the club.
England have named Steven Finn as their opening batsman for the second Test against Pakistan.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has successfully launched a robotic spacecraft into space.
A decision on whether to delay the opening of two new primary schools in the Isle of Man has been delayed.
Greece's former finance minister, Dimitrios Pelasparasopoulos, has been cleared of a tax evasion charge.
A blind blind has been sold at a hospital in Berkshire for more than £1,000.
Russian anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of embezzlement and corruption.
A man has been jailed for raping and sexually assaulting a woman at her home.
Fertility patients in Scotland should be able to start IVF treatment within three months of each other, a charity has said.
More than half of A&E departments in England and Wales are failing to meet a four-hour waiting time target, according to a report.
Trams have been tested in central London ahead of the opening of a new tram line.
US drugmaker Mylan has said it will stop selling its EpiPen drug because of rising prices.
World welterweight champion Kell Brook has been ruled out of the rest of the year after suffering a broken leg in his fight with Wladimir Klitschko.
Bristol City Council has announced plans to cut the cost of the Londonderry Half Marathon.
Crystal Palace have agreed a deal to sign Crystal Palace striker Christian Bolasie for an undisclosed fee.
The UK should be given full access to European waters after Brexit, Environment Secretary Michael Gove has said.
An Indian soldier has died after falling from a glacier in the northern Indian state of Siachen, officials say.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Plymouth Argyle's League Two play-off semi-final against Bradford City has been postponed because of frozen pitch.
A cash machine has been destroyed in a "brutal" explosion at a supermarket.
Police are searching for a man they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a woman in Edinburgh.
Head teachers in Humberside should be allowed to take unpaid leave, the head teacher has said.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have found a new site.
Ed Miliband has urged voters not to "gamble" with the Conservatives in the run-up to the general election.
The NFL season is over and it's time to get ready for the biggest game of the year.
A man who killed his six-year-old daughter has been jailed for life.
Matt Williams scored twice as Barrow beat Taunton to reach the League Two play-off semi-finals.
Glamorgan all-rounder Colin Ingram has signed a new three-year contract with the T20 Blast club.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said it is concerned about the impact of Brexit on the UK economy.
On the outskirts of Mosul, a group of Yazidi women and girls are trying to escape the Islamic State (IS) militant group.
Australia batsman Chris Clarke hit his first Test century of the season as his side beat South Africa by eight wickets in Adelaide.
Bristol's main railway station has been closed for the first time in more than a year.
Ukrposhta, one of Ukraine's largest internet companies, has been hit by a major cyber attack.
Actor John McCowen has died at the age of 83.
Roma striker Francesco Totti has signed a new three-year contract with the Serie A club.
Alex de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Johannesburg.
More than half of Northern Ireland's business leaders believe the UK's exit from the European Union is a good idea, according to a survey.
A bus has caught fire in central London.
Supermarket chain Morrisons has increased the price of Marmite in a bid to cut costs.
A new high-rise building has been unveiled in Glasgow.
Scotland's First Minister Ian Smith has said he wants Scotland to remain a member of the European Union.
Former Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has died at the age of 83.
Strong winds have caused severe flooding in parts of Scotland.
The European Commission has offered a €1bn (£1.1bn) aid package to farmers in Northern Ireland.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle boss Derek McInnes says his side must improve after their 2-1 defeat by Hearts.
A new species of otter has been reintroduced to the island of Hokkaido.
A year ago, I was a student in Bangkok.
A UKIP candidate has apologised for saying HIV patients should not be treated in the NHS.
Barcelona midfielder Dani Alves has signed a new three-year contract with the Spanish club.
SpaceX has begun its first test flight of its Falcon rocket.
Thai police investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have returned to the UK.
Warwickshire all-rounder Ravindra Chopra took a career-best six-wicket haul as his side were held to a draw at Chester-le-Street.
A Welsh assembly member has said he does not believe he would be able to stand for election if he lived in Wales.
If the Conservatives win the general election, there will be a lot of questions about what they will do.
Former Formula 1 world champion Paddy Lowe is set to leave Mercedes at the end of the season.
A knife found at a Northumberland prison has been described as "unacceptable".
A 90-year-old cyclist who died after a crash on a dual carriageway has been named.
The family of a man who went missing in Thailand last month have said they are "devastated and devastated".
Arsenal have changed their name to the Women's Super League One club.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Surrey.
The parents of a student who died after a suspected carbon monoxide leak have said they are "devastated" by her death.
Labour has voted against a plan to create a "fiscal deficit" in the UK.
A carnival celebrating the world's oldest carnival has been given the go ahead.
Bournemouth striker Jack Wilson says he is "feeling like a normal player again".
A man accused of plotting to kill the US military has been extradited to Pakistan.
Brighton beat Ipswich to move to within three points of the Championship play-off places.
A cash machine and a cash machine have been stolen from a Wrexham jewellers.
The family of a junior doctor whose car was found in a Devon beach have paid tribute to her.
The number of visitors to Cairngorms Ski and Snowboard has reached a new record.
The brother of Jean McConville has said Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams has not been charged with the murder of her sister.
Have you ever wondered what a dinosaur might look like?
Two women have appeared in court charged with the murder of a three-year-old girl.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Poots has said he does not want to work with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP).
A man who raped and murdered a 15-year-old girl has been found guilty of her murder.
Wigan Warriors wing Lewis Tierney has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
Thousands of people have taken part in a traditional St Patrick's Day parade in County Donegal.
The assembly election takes place in Wales on 8 May.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says he is still trying to find the right players for the Championship club.
Blackpool came from behind to beat Colchester in the League Two play-off semi-final.
Foreign Secretary Sajid Javid has called for more action to tackle the global steel crisis.
Tributes have been paid to a police officer who died at his home in Durham.
Wales has the highest number of internet users in the UK, according to a new report by Ofcom.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Northumberland steelworks.
Planning permission has been granted for a new travellers' site in Powys.
The roof of a church which was damaged by cockroaches has been repaired thanks to a £1m lottery grant.
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham has said he has found a phone number on the campaign trail for US presidential candidate Donald Trump.
US President Barack Obama has signed into law his signature healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act.
A suspicious object has been found in a block of flats in Londonderry.
Motorists should be banned from using electronic devices while on the road, under new US proposals.
A delegation of Northern Ireland politicians has arrived in the Colombian capital, Bogota, to discuss peace talks.
A man has been taken to hospital after he became stuck in a wall in Coventry.
James Lyth's first-class century of the season helped Surrey take control of the first day of the County Championship match against Yorkshire at Headingley.
A man has been fined £1,000 for causing a car crash in a village.
Comedian James Corden has been suspended from Channel 4 after being found guilty of offensive language on social media.
A water main in County Londonderry has burst.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being robbed at knifepoint in County Antrim.
Sinn Féin leader Jim Eastwood has said he will stand against SDLP leader Gerry Adams in the general election.
Cumberland has been crowned the winner of the Scottish Carbuncle Awards for the second year running.
A large quantity of cannabis has been seized during a police raid on a house in East Lothian.
The leader of the Welsh Labour Party has said the party needs to re-enter the political mainstream.
Sophie Sorenstam believes she has the potential to become a top-10 player in the world.
A Scottish entrepreneur who raised more than £10,000 on a reality TV show has said he is "disappointed" that his investment has been cancelled.
Bangladesh's electricity system has been restored after more than a week of blackout, officials say.
Sinn Féin's culture minister, Ní Chuíínín, has ordered a review of the culture of Sport NI.
The NHS in England is to change the way it pays for cancer drugs, the government has announced.
A man has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in a pub.
Two London schoolgirls who went to Syria to join the Islamic State group have been married, their mother has said.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been charged with assaulting Burnley fans during their 2-2 draw at Turf Moor.
A collection of ancient Russian cups and saucers has been stolen.
A Gloucestershire mental health trust has been criticised for failing to properly protect patients.
Glamorgan all-rounder Ben Wright has signed a new two-year contract with the county.
Raffaele Sollecito, who was found guilty of murdering American student Amanda Kercher, has told the BBC he has no regrets about his conviction.
World number one Jordan Spieth missed the cut for the second year in a row with a three-under-par 65 in the final round of the Masters at Royal Troon.
A British athlete has accused the International Athletics Association (IAAF) of "disrespecting" him after he failed to qualify for the World Championships in Botswana.
Carlos Ramirez scored twice as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bournemouth at Vicarage Road.
It is the centenary of the creation of the Orange Order.
League Two side Huddersfield Town have signed striker Luton Town on a season-long loan.
Six people have been arrested in Belgium in connection with the Paris attacks, police say.
Prime Minister Theresa May has met survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Championship side Salford Red Devils have signed former Hull FC winger Sam Chase on a two-year deal.
Logan Air will continue to fly between Dundee and London for the rest of the year, it has been announced.
Anglo American, the world's biggest mining company, has announced plans to cut 1,000 jobs.
Cyclist Philippe Demoitie has died after being hit by a motorbike during the Tour de France.
Ulster scrum-half Stuart McCloskey has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
The US space agency has launched a robot-led sample-return mission to the International Space Station (ISS).
A woman has been ordered to return her three-year-old son to his father in Japan.
A man and a woman have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a cliff.
At least two bodies have been found in a village in the Somali capital, Nairobi, police say.
Tropical Cyclone Pam has devastated parts of the island of Vanuatu, the country's first minister has said.
The number of Syrian refugees who have arrived in the UK has risen to 20,000, the UK's refugee commissioner has said.
MPs have called for the introduction of a £20,000 fee for convicted criminals to be scrapped.
Asda has fixed security flaws in its website that could lead to the theft of personal data, a security expert has said.
A convicted drug trafficker has been jailed for life for beating a man to death in a flat in Exeter.
Mexico beat Brazil 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup.
A new version of the Royal Mint's £1 coin has been launched.
Former world number one Andy Murray has confirmed he is to return as a coach for the US Open semi-finals.
A woman accused of being raped by a man in Edinburgh has told a court she feared for her life.
Sunderland have appointed former manager Sam Allardyce as their new manager.
All photographs are copyrighted.
Oscar Clooney has called for a UN inquiry into the genocide committed by Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
A second primary school in Cheshire has been taken over by a private company.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after a man was set alight on a train in Berlin.
David Cameron has said he has no plans to hold a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
A US appeals court has ruled that convicted serial killer Brendan Dassey should be released from prison.
An attempt to buy stolen software from the Shadow Brokers group has been abandoned.
Championship side Aston Villa have signed Aston Villa striker Jonathan Kodjia for an undisclosed fee.
Schools in England are failing to improve, according to a think tank.
One of the last surviving episodes of Doctor Who has been found in a London Tube station.
Luxury airline Menzies has said it has made "significant improvements" to its operations at London Gatwick Airport.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has cancelled a planned visit to Russia to discuss the Syrian crisis.
A police message has been posted on social media by a police force in Durham.
Police are investigating allegations of historical child sexual abuse against former MP Lord Janner.
Notts County Ladies have agreed to take over the Women's Super League title from Notts County.
The secretary of state for Northern Ireland, Kirsty Villiers, has said anti-union protests have damaged the image of the Republic of Ireland.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a tractor on a dual carriageway.
Singer Ellie Goulding has said she will not marry a gay man in Australia.
England reached the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup with a comfortable victory over New Zealand at Twickenham.
A new type of joint implant could reduce the number of knee and hip replacements in England, a study suggests.
A Utah woman has been sentenced to life in prison for the deaths of her two babies.
The head teacher of one of the UK's largest schools has said she is "very concerned" about the Trojan Horse scandal.
Matty Taylor scored twice as MK Dons extended their unbeaten run to five games with victory over Bristol Rovers.
A trial of a genetically modified rice has been vandalised in the Philippines.
Fabrice Delph's £8m move from Aston Villa to Manchester City was completed on Friday.
The emergency department at a London hospital has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Sinn Féin's chief inspector of schools, Simon Swinney, has said he is "very satisfied" with the findings of an independent review.
In the early 1990s, Paul Ryan was a drug dealer in Scotland.
A new degree in Urdu has been launched at the University of London.
Turkey's president, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, has been accused of trying to smuggle oil into the country.
Thousands of people have taken selfies with police officers at the Download music festival.
The head of the European Council's governing body has said the UK's exit from the European Union will not happen before the end of the year.
Samsung Electronics, the world's biggest smartphone maker, has reported a sharp fall in quarterly profits.
Police in China say they have seized more than 1,000 bottles of a popular drink, including a mixture of Viagra and Viagra.
More than 1,000 tonnes of waste have been dumped on a Somerset beach following a long-running dispute.
TalkTalk has said it has been hit by a cyber attack on its website.
Northern Ireland's Kyle Lowry is one shot off the lead after the final round of the PGA Championship at Royal Troon.
A German university has set a new world record for the fastest car in the world.
A former British soldier has gone on trial accused of assaulting a female colleague at a military base in Uganda.
Saracens scrum-half Scott McCall says he would have been "frightened" if he had been punched in the face by Saracens fly-half James Davies.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos says he has found the last of his rocket engines missing from the International Space Station.
More than 100,000 people are expected to descend on Hong Kong this year to see the world's biggest ice sculpture festival.
Two Ghanaian musicians have been sharing their love of music with the world for the first time.
Leicester City fans have been left frustrated by long queues at the club's Premier League match against Manchester United.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday after the US economy grew at its slowest pace since 2009.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in England's squad for the third Test against South Africa at Lord's.
Scientists say they have found more than half of the genes that cause breast cancer.
People with chronic pain are more likely to suffer from depression, according to a new study.
Chelsea have been crowned Premier League champions for the first time in their history.
Students at London Metropolitan University have voted to strike.
Hamilton Academical moved to within three points of the Scottish League One play-off places with victory over Dundee United.
Glamorgan beat Hampshire by eight wickets in the first one-day international at Chester-le-Street.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of two girls who were killed in a car crash.
The parents of a teenage girl who died after a boat capsized have set up a code of conduct.
Aston Villa have extended the loan spell of striker Victor Gueye until the end of the season.
Nigeria have been shortlisted for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations Women's Player of the Year award.
A lorry driver has been killed in a crash on a dual carriageway in Bristol.
Scott Pollock has broken the world record for the fastest time in a marathon.
The son of Bahrain's King Abdullah bin Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has called for dialogue between the government and opposition.
Schools in the US state of Georgia have shut down following a spate of anti-Muslim threats.
Former Ajax and Barcelona midfielder Johan Cruyff has paid tribute to his former team-mate.
Petra Kvitova reached the second round of the French Open with a straight-set victory over Johanna Konta.
A new Ulster Unionist flag has been unveiled at the Battle of the Somme.
Martin Meeke won the final round of the World Rally Championship for the second year in a row.
Chinese tech giant Baidu has apologised after a driver was filmed sitting in the back of a self-driving car.
BBC Radio 4 presenter Brian Matthew has died at the age of 90.
Sale Sharks hooker Sam Charnley has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Israel's new police chief has been sworn in.
As Theresa May prepares to take over as prime minister of the United Kingdom, the BBC looks at some of the key issues facing the North-East of England.
Mexican singer Enrique Iglesias is expected to be out for at least three months after breaking his hand during a concert.
A former police officer has called for a radical change in the way drugs are sold in Northern Ireland.
Johnny Sexton and Johnny Sexton have been named in the British and Irish Lions squad for the tour of New Zealand.
A charity has said it is "disappointing" that deaf people are not being offered jobs in Wales.
A man has been shot dead in Liverpool.
The UN's decision to name Wonder Woman as its next secretary general has been criticised by women and girls.
A former Royal Marine has won a legal challenge against the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has met US President-elect Donald Trump for the first time.
The Champions League semi-finals have come to an end.
A transgender woman has said she has been subjected to sexual abuse at a Bristol prison.
A man has been rescued from a car he was trying to drive in a Hertfordshire lake.
It's almost a decade since the invention of the BBC Micro computer.
League Two side Southend United have signed striker Alex Pigott on loan until the end of the season.
David Thorne has been appointed as the new executive producer of Electric Electric Dreams, a new TV series based on the novel by the author.
A three-year-old girl has been shot dead at a primary school in West Sussex.
A 90-year-old man has been reunited with his wife for the first time in more than 30 years.
Plans to cut the number of midwives at a Oxfordshire hospital have been criticised by a woman.
A new vein of Blueberry has been discovered in the Peak District.
Indian wrestler Anil Singh has denied allegations that his drugs were tampered with.
More than half of children in England are using tablet computers, a study suggests.
A group of Queen's University students have taken to the University of Dundee to protest against their investment in fossil fuels.
Camara has signed a new three-year contract with Guinea, with the option of a further year.
Ed Sheeran has won the Mercury Prize for his first solo album.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in South Africa's capital, Pretoria.
Polish Prime Minister Andrzej Tusk has called for the country's parliament to be set up to investigate the Smolensk air crash.
Cardiff City have reported a loss of more than £1m in the last financial year.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Sussex.
A bronze statue of two women from Sheffield has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of their bravery during World War Two.
Plymouth Argyle defender Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Sexton and Oisin O'Mahony scored two tries apiece as Ireland beat France to reach the quarter-finals of the European Championship.
A man has been found guilty of killing a four-year-old boy who was found with a broken head.
Former Mauritius Prime Minister Paul Jugnauth has resigned as prime minister.
A patient with a rare form of lung cancer has been given a custom-made windpipe to replace his own.
Iker Oshaniwa has signed a new three-year contract with Scottish Premiership side Hearts.
Former world number one Johanna Konta has withdrawn from the US Open in New York because of a family dispute.
Tributes have been paid to a footballer who was found dead at his home in Merseyside.
A group of musicians have been performing on a bus in London.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke beat Aston Villa to reach the third round of the FA Cup.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, the BBC has been using WhatsApp to share stories from around the world.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the impact of climate change on the UK's wine industry.
Manchester United came from behind to beat Cambridge United and reach the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
The European Union has condemned Turkey's air strikes against Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
A man has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead outside a gym.
Peterborough United manager Paul Westley says the club's players are "in a state of euphoria".
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has suspended shellfish shellfish operations in Cornwall, Devon and Cornwall until further notice.
The European Union says it is "deeply concerned" that a new border has been created between Georgia and Russia.
It's been a week since the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris.
Ghana has suspended its mission to fight the spread of the deadly Ebola virus in West Africa.
At least six people have been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, after a powerful earthquake struck on Saturday.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday after the US Supreme Court ruled that the US government's healthcare reforms were unconstitutional.
The FA Cup semi-final between North Shields and Brentford will be broadcast live on BBC One.
At the end of last week's Champions League semi-final between Barcelona and Real Madrid, I was greeted with a huge smile.
Venezuela's opposition-led National Assembly has rejected a ruling by the Supreme Court that the opposition can no longer control the chamber.
A lorry carrying suspected human trafficking victims has been found on a motorway.
Reading for pleasure increases children's ability to read, a study suggests.
Dundee United midfielder Jack Goodwin has been charged by the Football Association with dangerous conduct.
The Church of England has a long tradition of women bishops.
The founder of the Great British Bake Off has been found guilty of historical sex offences against children.
Glasgow-based construction firm North North has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
Kenya's Westgate shopping centre has been hit by a spate of attacks in recent years.
The US military has begun training Syrian rebels to fight Islamic State (IS) militants.
The first round of the French presidential election has taken place.
The funeral of one of the UK's most famous DJs has taken place.
The family of Adam Lanza, who was shot dead by a gunman in Newtown, Connecticut, have described him as a shy and shy boy.
The Republic of Ireland women's hockey team reached the semi-finals of the European Women's Hockey Championship.
A patient who fell from a mental health unit in Hampshire has been jailed for five years.
Four men have been arrested in connection with a gun attack in Bedford.
In our series of letters from economic experts, we look at the impact of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
A Labour MP has said immigration should not be allowed to run the NHS in Wales.
World number one Milos Raonic beat world number one Roger Federer to reach the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
Morecambe continued their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Mansfield.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two masked men in Kilmarnock.
Rangers manager Derek Ferguson believes Scott Brown's performance in the semi-final defeat by Celtic in the Scottish Cup final was the best of his career.
Newport County chairman Paul Foxall has said the club's fans have reacted positively to the appointment of former manager Graham Westley.
The parents of a woman who was murdered in Mauritius say they are "devastated" by her death.
More than half of people in England and Wales are unable to name their local politicians, according to a new survey.
The BBC's decision to drop Jeremy Clarkson from Top Gear has been greeted with a mixture of shock and anger.
A former head teacher has been cleared of misconduct by a disciplinary panel.
Wales defender Luke Davies has signed a new three-year contract with Championship side Cardiff City.
Regular exercise can increase the size of the brains of people with dementia, a study suggests.
An inquest into the death of a mentally ill man at a County Tyrone hospital has found a "system of failure".
A British woman who was stranded in Nepal for nine hours after the earthquake in Nepal has been found safe and well, her mother has said.
World number one Andy Murray will face former world number one Naomi Broady in the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
Voters across Europe have voted to remain in the European Union after the UK voted to leave the bloc.
Five men have been jailed for trying to smuggle migrants into the UK by lorry.
Prince Harry has performed the Haka in New Zealand for the first time.
More needs to be done to improve the way food is promoted in Scotland, according to a report.
Partick Thistle have said they are investigating allegations of historical sexual abuse at the club.
Campaigners have called for a police investigation into unauthorised traveller development in Essex.
Vodafone's Li-Ka Shing has announced plans to take over the UK's biggest mobile phone operator, O2.
Cardiff Blues head coach Gregor McBryde says he is confident his side can beat the British and Irish Lions at Twickenham on Saturday.
An artificial intelligence system has been developed at the University of Zurich.
Two men have been jailed for fraudulently defrauding businesses out of more than £1m.
A £10,000 fund has been set up to help refugees resettle in Scotland.
It's that time of year again when you're ready to start a new business.
Harlequins have signed full-back Alex Cheesman and prop Alex Morgan on loan until the end of the season.
Hundreds of people have marched through Stafford to protest against the closure of the hospital.
A man with Crohn's disease has revealed he had to have a colonoscopy for the first time.
President George Washington has said he will not erect a statue of Confederate General George Washington in the US state of Virginia.
Plans for a new tram system in Derbyshire have been revealed.
A £3.75m takeover of Newport Gwent Dragons has been approved by the Rugby Football Union (WRU).
Hundreds of people have taken part in the annual Beltane Fire Festival in Belfast.
Soldiers from World War Two have been allowed to move into their new homes in north-west London.
Tesla has been accused of failing to follow safety rules after a fatal crash on the M4 in California.
A Ugandan government website has been hacked, the BBC has learned.
All photographs are copyrighted.
Sri Lanka have set a new record for the most one-day international wickets by a batsman.
A man has been seriously injured in a hit-and-run in west London.
Saudi Arabia has said it will sue the US government over the 9/11 attacks.
A decommissioned oil rig which capsized off the west coast of Scotland has been moved to a floating ship.
Three men have been arrested in Pakistan over the murder of a Christian woman and her husband.
Libya's government has rejected a proposal to form a unity government, the UN has said.
It's that time of year again.
A former American football player has been found dead at his home in Nebraska.
The number of police shootings in England and Wales has reached a new all-time high, a watchdog has said.
The world governing body, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), has ended a five-year partnership with Adidas.
Ireland's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Intercontinental Cup have been dealt a blow after a rain-interrupted second day.
Kenya's President Uhuru Ruto has been shot dead by a man armed with a machete, police say.
Scientists are going on a scientific expedition to the Pacific Ocean.
A judge in Minnesota has ruled that the family of pop star Prince could be worth up to $1m (Â£1m).
A Scottish internet blogger has been arrested on suspicion of harassment.
West Ham owner Daniel Sullivan has confirmed he is in talks to sell his stake in the Premier League club.
Google has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
A Dumfries-based engineering firm has gone into administration.
A woman accused of stealing more than £10,000 from her elderly neighbour has told a court she was a "faithful person".
A man has been airlifted to hospital after a bus he was travelling in crashed into a tree.
Google has launched its voice-activated smart speaker in the UK.
The family of a Nigerian woman who was deported to Nigeria last year have called for the UK government to give them more time to return.
A member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has been expelled from the party.
A 19-year-old man has been shot dead in Spain, police say.
A female panda has been born at Edinburgh Zoo.
Wigan Athletic moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Ipswich Town.
Wigan Warriors forward Lance Haha has been banned for six months after he was sent off in the Super League defeat by Huddersfield Giants.
Hungary's transport minister has announced that buses will be used to transport migrants who have been stranded in Hungary for more than a week.
Chelsea striker Victor Moses could be offered a new deal, says boss Antonio Conte.
Coventry City maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Millwall.
Scottish councils are spending more money on education than England, according to new figures.
A Dundee man who was jailed for filming a video of himself being forced to hand over his mobile phone has been allowed to appeal.
Tributes have been paid to Irish soldiers who fought in the 1916 Battle of the Somme.
The Indiana Pacers will play the Toronto Raptors in the first game of the NBA season.
The inquests into the death of one of the UK's most famous sportsmen, Jimmy, have been opened by the Metropolitan Police.
Grimsby continued their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Mansfield.
Somalia's President Abdul Fattah al-Abidine Ben Ali has urged militants to surrender to the militant group al-Shabab.
JCB has said it will no longer be a member of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
More than 1,000 domestic workers in Hong Kong have marched through the city to demand better conditions for their workers.
Eoin Morgan hit a career-best century as England beat Australia by eight wickets in a one-day international in Manchester.
Millwall extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory at Walsall.
Liverpool have appointed Sean O'Driscoll as their new head coach.
People living in the US have spoken out against President Donald Trump's travel ban.
Police should have been trained more quickly to deal with public disorder, a committee of MPs has said.
Social media has become a powerful way to reach new audiences.
Voters in the UK are going to the polls to decide whether to stay or leave the European Union.
A man has been jailed for three years for trying to smuggle more than £1m of cash into his wife's home.
Japanese knotweed is one of the most invasive plants in the UK.
People living in beach huts in Pembrokeshire will have to wait up to three years to rent them, a council has said.
A barge carrying oil from a North Sea oil field has been forced to close after strong winds caused it to sink.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at why chocolate eggs are so popular in the UK.
Councillors in Liverpool have voted against plans to introduce a "night-time curfew" in the city centre.
US President Barack Obama has condemned the bombing of the Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) hospital in Afghanistan.
Britain's Laura Shuker won the mixed doubles title for the first time at the British Open.
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
Wigan reached the Super League quarter-finals for the first time with a convincing victory over Castleford.
Hibernian maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over St Mirren.
Nottingham Forest have signed former Forest Green Rovers defender David Wilson on a season-long loan deal.
For more than a century, Burmese Tamils have lived in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
More than one in five people in the UK has a problem with their relationship, according to a new study.
Plans for two new carbon capture and storage (CCS) projects in Scotland have been scrapped, a report has found.
The latest version of the Galileo satellite has been developed by the European Space Agency.
The mother of a missing West Yorkshire schoolgirl has said her daughter's body has been found in a canal.
Social media users have been criticised for posting a picture of a man who has been shot dead in west Belfast.
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would be "disappointed" if he received a phone call from the club's owner.
Gareth Bale says Wales' hopes of reaching the Euro 2016 quarter-finals are "desperately high".
Prime Minister Theresa May has visited a Chinese school in London.
More needs to be done to tackle sepsis, a leading charity has said.
Plans to build a cycle track on a nature reserve in Derbyshire have been given the go-ahead.
Plans for a new mental health hospital in Somerset have been approved.
More than 12,000 UK business leaders have signed a letter calling for the UK to leave the European Union.
Labour leadership hopeful Caroline Cooper has said she would be willing to serve in a shadow cabinet under Jeremy Corbyn if he wins the election.
The BBC Glastonbury Festival has announced its line-up for this year's event.
Hundreds of people have been sharing photos of what they believe to be lenticular clouds in Scotland.
A statue of former England manager Sir Bobby Taylor will be erected at Watford's home ground, the club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Davies says his side were "disappointed" by the referee's conduct in their defeat by Plymouth Argyle.
Omar Bogle scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Barnet came from behind to beat Grimsby.
Sunderland have completed the signing of former Argentina defender Carlos Scocco on a three-year deal.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A new metro has been officially opened in Chennai, the capital of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Hundreds of litres of fuel have been dumped in the centre of Londonderry.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been named in the squad for the three-match one-day series against Pakistan.
Ireland beat Afghanistan by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Delhi.
A US astronaut has been sent to the International Space Station for a spacewalk.
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire.
Two men have been jailed for trafficking illegal drugs into the UK.
Ireland fly-half B O'Driscoll has been named in the starting XV for Saturday's Six Nations match against New Zealand at Twickenham.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Friday, with the FTSE 100 leading the way.
Margaret Thatcher has died at the age of 83.
Russia has sent Russian-made anti-aircraft missiles to Syria, the US has said.
A theme park at Somerset's Jurassic World theme park has been accused of being a hoax.
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party following the party's defeat in the general election.
Four cats have died after being poisoned with antiseptic, the RSPCA has said.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Steve Baxter says he fears a "dangerous precedent" could be set in the future of concussion.
Singapore's biggest retailers have been ordered to stop selling products affected by haze caused by forest fires in Indonesia.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has said he will stand for re-election after the death of his predecessor, Hugo Chavez.
The US Supreme Court has ruled that same-sex couples should be allowed to marry in the US.
England's performance at the World Cup has improved, according to a new study.
Labour MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as London's next mayor.
An 86-year-old woman has said she was "shocked" to find her jewellery stolen during a burglary at her home.
Jockey Willie Mullins won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the second year in a row as he produced a superb performance to win the Champion Hurdle at Ascot.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended after being found guilty of unpaid school fines.
Lewis Hamilton says he would have liked to have had a "halo" system in Formula 1.
Drones have been launched to monitor the impact of climate change on Wales.
Each day we feature a letter sent in from across the UK.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former England international Paul Dunn as their new manager.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest music awards in the world.
Pernod Ricard has reported a rise in sales of its Scotch whisky in the first half of the year.
Newspaper publisher News Corp has reported a net loss of $1.1bn (£1.2bn) for the first half of the year.
China's state media have been reacting to the ruling by the International Court of Arbitration for Sport (ICAS).
An 18-month-old baby who died after being put on a ventilator has been named as Rohan Rhodes.
The number of people who have been diagnosed with skin cancer has reached a record high.
A man who conned people out of more than £20,000 by pretending to be a World Cup winner has been jailed for three years.
A three-year-old boy has been found dead in a block of flats.
A student has been found guilty of defying a court order by climbing on the Cenotaph to protest against tuition fees.
A man has been jailed for life for the attempted murder of Lee Rigby.
At least 20 people have been killed in a series of attacks in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say.
Austria has announced plans to limit the number of people allowed to cross its borders to cope with the migrant crisis.
Former Major League Soccer star David Beckham has signed a deal to build a new stadium in Miami.
Oscar-winning actress Helen Hedren has said she was sexually assaulted by Alfred Hitchcock, who died at the age of 83.
A Bangladeshi woman who underwent gastric bypass surgery in India has returned to the United Arab Emirates.
A video showing the Queen holding a Nazi salute has been released by Buckingham Palace.
Lewis Hamilton says he is determined to beat Nico Rosberg in Sunday's British Grand Prix at Silverstone.
The UK has experienced its worst flooding since records began in 1910, according to new research.
Labour and the Conservatives are vying to take control of a Nottinghamshire county council.
Stan Wawrinka beat Novak Djokovic in straight sets to win the French Open for the first time.
Durham took control on day one of their County Championship match against Yorkshire at Headingley.
Swansea City midfielder Neil Taylor will miss the rest of the season after breaking his leg in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Sunderland.
An independent panel of experts has recommended that psychoactive substances should be exempt from the UK's Psychoactive Substances Act.
Police in the Moroccan capital, Mogadishu, have been charged with rioting during a match between Qatari side Al Ahly and Moroccan side FC Rabat.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe and his wife, Grace, are in Harare.
Accrington Stanley striker Alex Wind Wind WindWinds has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A New Zealand rocket company has successfully launched its first commercial rocket.
Hospitals across Scotland are making more than £1m a year in overtime payments, a BBC investigation has found.
A new way of playing rugby is being developed in the UK.
Indonesia's largest volcano, Mount Sinatra, has killed at least 13 people, officials say.
The UK voted to leave the European Union in June 2016.
Liverpool striker Mamadou Sakho has been cleared by the European Anti-Doping Agency (UEFA).
Welsh voters are heading to the polls for the general election.
The Scottish government needs to do more to tackle food poverty, the education minister has said.
A 16-year-old girl who took her own life has died, an inquest has heard.
Plans to cut the number of road safety courses offered by the Royal College of Police (RCP) have been criticised.
West Point University in West Point, New York, has said it is investigating reports of a fracas during a class fight.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has been accused of being a homophobic, anti-gay and anti-LGBT activist.
A model of the Batmobile used in Batman: The Animated Series has been sold for $1m (£1m) at auction in Los Angeles.
Household landlords in England and Wales will be required to be experts in forged passports, Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen has launched her campaign for a second term in office.
Mark Selby reached the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship for the first time with a 6-1 victory over Mark O'Brien in Sheffield.
The funeral of a former Barnsley and Hartlepool United goalkeeper has taken place.
The co-operative energy company Co-operative Energy has agreed to pay more than £1m to customers who complained about their bills.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton was forced to retire from the final practice session of the Hungarian Grand Prix after being involved in a collision with a Ferrari.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the murder of a man whose body was found at his home in Cumbria.
Mario Balotelli has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester City.
Volkswagen has been ordered to pay more than $1.5bn (£1.2bn) to US regulators over a diesel emissions scandal.
Kilmarnock defender Sam Samson has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Former world number one Andy Murray has given birth to a baby girl.
Toulon's head coach says he is open to a move to the top 14 of the French Premiership.
Human remains have been found inside a broken bridge in a Scottish Borders village.
Virtual reality is taking a big step forward at this year's Electronic Entertainment Expo.
Chinese social media users have reacted angrily to a report that a woman was forced to divorce her husband because of his size.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has urged the Vatican to support Israel's decision to move its embassy from Jerusalem to Jerusalem.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged with coursing in a field in Dalkeith.
Five authors have been shortlisted for this year's Dylan Thomas Prize for Fiction.
Tens of thousands of South African protesters have taken to the streets to protest against President Jacob Zuma.
Former Eastleigh MP Peter Huhne has been given a free pass to enter the House of Commons, the BBC has learned.
The operator of Devonport Royal Dockyard has been ordered to improve safety following a series of incidents at the site.
A man has been cleared of a string of sex offences dating back to the 1980s.
Microsoft has launched a new version of its Minecraft education software.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill says he has no intention of leaving the club.
Cardiff City manager Paul Trollope says he will not be selling any players until the end of the season.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said he does not expect a rise in interest rates before the UK votes to leave the European Union.
The EU's top diplomat has told the BBC that a final trade deal with the UK will not be done until after the UK leaves the EU.
Three teenagers have been charged with attempted murder following a serious assault in Dumbarton.
A fire which broke out at a Wrexham pub has been put out.
Universities in Wales are being urged to take action against online plagiarism.
A man accused of plotting a terror attack on a police officer posted a picture of him in a car, a court has heard.
Two poles have been erected at Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf resort.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group says it is no longer in control of the Iraqi city of Mosul.
Swansea City kept alive their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premier League with a hard-fought victory over Stoke.
A man has been charged with the murder of a Dorset man who died after falling from a cliff.
Dizzee Rascal will headline this year's Wickenham Festival, organisers have announced.
More than half of Scotland's bank branches will close by the end of the year, according to a new report.
The UK government is set to introduce new rules to prevent big banks failing to recover from the 2008 financial crisis.
The UK economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
A woman has died after being hit by a lorry in Inverness.
Chinese shares closed higher on Friday, extending gains made in the previous session.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has promised to crack down on black market money.
A woman has been raped in Dorset, police have said.
Anthony Bellew and Tyson Fury have clashed in the ring ahead of their heavyweight title fight in Las Vegas.
Two British climbers who went missing from a French mountain have been found safe and well.
Chevrolet has added a new feature to its cars that allows drivers to control the speed limit.
New fossilised dinosaur tracks have been discovered in the Pyrenees.
Kent director of cricket Steve Kennedy has left the county to take up a new role with the T20 Blast club.
An MP from the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has been banned from all flights after allegedly assaulting an airline employee.
The mass shooting in the Syrian capital, Damascus, on Friday left at least 20 people dead and more than 200 injured.
Former Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said he will not travel to Turkey to meet US President-elect Donald Trump.
Excessive body fat increases the risk of bowel cancer, a study suggests.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said the party is in danger of "destroying itself".
A private toilet has been restored to its former glory for the first time.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has been sworn in as the country's new president.
Former Wales manager Chris Coleman says he would have loved to have been in charge of his father's side at Euro 2016.
Urgent urgent care units at two Northumberland hospitals will remain closed until the end of the year.
When I first met Russian President Vladimir Putin, I had never seen him before.
Workers in Wales have the longest commute in the UK, according to a study by the TUC.
A petition calling for animal owners to be able to identify their pets has been submitted to the Welsh Assembly.
The invention of 3D printing is one of the biggest innovations of the 21st Century.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says he wants to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
Bricks and mortar retailer Brantano has gone into administration.
A man accused of murdering his parents in County Londonderry has denied murdering them, a court has heard.
Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Werder Bremen.
A Pembrokeshire council has refused to publish a report into the suicide of a teenage girl.
Google has confirmed that the next version of its Android operating system will be named Lollipop.
The Berlin Philharmonic has said it will continue to work with its conductor until the end of the year.
Sinn Féin reached the All-Ireland semi-finals for the first time with a 3-13 to 1-13 victory over St Mary's in Londonderry.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former Aldershot Town manager Paul Waddock as their new manager.
The government has announced plans to introduce a cap on the price of some of the cheapest energy bills.
It's been one of the most exciting Games in Olympic history.
A man has been found stabbed to death on a dual carriageway in Cumbria.
Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has won the first round of the country's presidential election.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said he expects the party to win more seats in England and Wales.
Plans to demolish Jersey's busiest airport have been criticised by campaigners.
League Two side Charlton Athletic have re-signed striker Sam Allardyce on a season-long loan.
Plans for a football stadium in Bristol have been given the go-ahead.
Police in Colombia are searching for a man they say is the leader of one of the world's most powerful drug gangs.
A golf course in Inverness has reopened after a dog escaped from a hole.
Tesco, the UK's biggest supermarket, has reported a rise in pre-tax profits for the first half of the year.
League Two side Crewe Alexandra have signed defender Jack Oliver on a season-long loan deal.
A Polish journalist who was expelled from Russia has said he will take his cat with him to Moscow.
Venezuela has been accused of using excessive force during anti-government protests, the UN has said.
Three of the world's most powerful satellites have been shown off to the world for the first time.
A World War Two veteran has been awarded the Legion of Honour for bravery in France.
League Two side Crawley Town have agreed a deal to re-sign striker Sam Allardyce for an undisclosed fee.
Plans to cut local government in Wales are "in a state of limbo", the leader of the Labour Party has said.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Sam Warburton has been given a two-week ban after being sent off in Saturday's defeat by Wasps.
Telegram has been banned in Iran, the country's state news agency has said.
Olympic gold medallist Ryan Ainslie says he would love to compete in the 2017 America's Cup.
Windows 10 users could be able to enter their passwords in text-based versions of the operating system.
A man has been charged with murder following the death of a man who was attacked at a takeaway.
Japan's parliament has passed controversial new security legislation, saying it violates the country's pacifist constitution.
Antonio Benitez's first game as Chelsea manager ended in defeat as Southampton were held to a draw at Stamford Bridge.
Ireland all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out for the rest of the three-match series against Sri Lanka.
A fossilised dinosaur has been discovered in a Dorset museum.
Katie Archibald has won the women's pursuit gold medal at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches has reached a record high.
Work is under way on a major renovation of the Alexandra Palace theatre.
A sinkhole has opened up at a golf course in Kent.
The number of people registered to vote in the general election in England and Wales has reached a record high, the Electoral Commission has said.
Worcestershire Flyers have been crowned the best team in the British Basketball League for the second year in a row.
Ospreys extended their lead at the top of the Pro12 to eight points with victory over Racing 92.
A six-year-old boy who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer has been sent thousands of Christmas cards.
Fifa has backed a proposal to keep the 2022 World Cup in Qatar until the end of the year.
The Bank of England has said it expects the UK economy to grow at an annual rate of 0.5% this year.
A woman has become the youngest person in the world to be crowned the world's longest dialer.
Former Italy boss Francesco Ventura has been appointed as the new head coach of Serie A side Juventus.
The mother of a teenager who was murdered by two men has said she will never let them go.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Leyton Orient midfielder Alex Atangana on a season-long loan.
Former England batsman Michael Compton says he is "not a cricket fan".
Two teenagers have been charged with the murder of a 19-year-old man who was shot dead in a suburb of Melbourne.
It's not every day you get a surprise.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been left out of the squad for the Six Nations.
Pop star Rihanna has been named as the most searched celebrity in the world by Google.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Cattle says his side's performance in their European Champions Cup quarter-final defeat by Bristol Rovers was "disappointing".
A woman with a rare form of leukaemia has been married for the first time.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered the UN Security Council to suspend its support for settlements in the occupied West Bank.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has ordered Lithuania to pay compensation to former President Alexander Paksas.
Watford continued their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Arsenal at Emirates Stadium.
The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for parts of Wales.
More than one in five women in the UK has had a miscarriage during their pregnancy, according to a new report.
Investment firm Cerberus has hired a Northern Ireland law firm to help it access the Northern Ireland Executive.
Ayr United maintained their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Dunfermline Athletic.
Former First Minister Lord McConnell has been photographed falling down a drain in Malawi.
A prisoner at HMP Elm Elmley has been found dead in his cell, the Prison Association has said.
A man who pretended to be a prison officer has been found guilty of fraud.
Two Carmarthenshire councils have been fined £27,000 for failing to pay senior officers their pensions, a watchdog has found.
A motorist caught speeding on a motorway has been banned from driving for three years.
The UK has a record number of EU nationals living in the UK, according to official figures.
Former EastEnders actress Helen Mirren has died at the age of 90.
Virtual reality is a huge part of everyday life.
Aberwyth University's student satisfaction has improved, according to a new survey.
Police in Cologne are investigating a spate of sex attacks on women during New Year's Eve celebrations.
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly have been accused of using their own money for personal expenses.
An 18-year-old woman has said she was refused a night at a Nottingham nightclub because she was "too white".
The number of vulnerable children in care in Scotland has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Three brothers who tackled a burglar who stole jewellery worth more than £10,000 have been named the "Three Musketeers".
Foreign workers should be allowed to work in London after Brexit, a think tank has said.
Derby County defender Conor Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Diageo workers in Scotland have voted in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pensions.
Translink has suspended a train from Belfast to Londonderry because of safety concerns.
Indonesia's female clerics have signed a fatwa calling for a ban on underage marriage.
A Venezuelan baseball player has called for a boycott of the country's major league games.
Theresa May has said the UK will continue to pay for access to the European single market after Brexit.
A music festival in the German city of Mannheim has been cancelled after a lightning strike.
India's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise juvenile sex offences.
Three men have appeared in court charged with the murder of Becky Watts.
An 11-year-old boy who was told he was not allowed to board a flight from London Gatwick to Toulouse has been criticised by his mother.
The founder of the polio charity has died at the age of 90.
Nigel Farage has resigned as leader of the UK Independence Party.
Plans for a solar farm in Gwynedd have been approved by councillors.
A High Court judge has ruled that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) should be allowed to carry out anti-government protests.
Labour's plan to balance the UK's budget has been criticised by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
A man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire.
Human rights groups have called for a review of how mental health services are dealt with.
Somerset's one-day series against Lancashire has been abandoned because of a waterlogged pitch.
More than half of England's secondary schools are failing or are under-performing, new figures show.
A mother-of-two has begun a legal challenge to a Kensington council's decision to paint her house red.
The US Department of Defence has said it will continue to work through the end of its partial shutdown.
A group of Dartmoor Hill ponies have called for a halt to the sale of the animals.
Latvian airline Latvian Airlines has suspended all flights to and from the Venezuelan capital, Caracas.
Three men have been charged with causing the deaths of two teenagers in a car crash in Wakefield.
A member of the so-called Pink Panther gang has been arrested after a robbery at a jewellery shop in Barcelona.
Rochdale came from behind to beat Scunthorpe United and reach the League Two play-offs.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are to vote on whether to give up a contract to a private contractor.
India's first female captain, Radhika Menon, has been honoured by the International Maritime Organization (IMO).
England captain Alastair Cook's future as captain is in doubt after the third Test defeat by India in Chennai.
Thousands of people have voted in favour of bullying on CBBC.
Surrey all-rounder James Batty has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Hosts Cameroon beat Germany 2-0 to reach the semi-finals of the Confederations Cup.
A fleet of new warships will be built to protect the Portsmouth harbour, the defence secretary has said.
Plans for a new HS2 rail line have been approved by the government.
The sale of agricultural loans in Northern Ireland is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has ruled that the UK's membership of the European Union violates equal rights.
A woman who attacked her ex-boyfriend with a dog has pleaded not guilty to animal cruelty charges.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
England have named their full-back squad for their Six Nations opener against France on Saturday.
The woolly mammoth's genome has been sequenced for the first time, a study suggests.
Oscar-winning actor George Johnson has died at the age of 83.
Police have released CCTV images of two men they want to speak to in connection with the rape of a woman in Glasgow.
Remains of World War One soldiers have been found at a former battlefield in Wiltshire.
A giant mosaic has been unveiled at the Cathedral of Lincoln to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Netherlands.
Plans to ban fast food restaurants in Kent have been approved by councillors.
Lego has ended its partnership with the Daily Mail.
A drug that reverses the effects of HIV has been developed in the US, US researchers say.
A man accused of trying to smuggle lethal ricin into the UK using a "dark web", a court has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the general election.
Harlow, one of the UK's oldest towns, is celebrating its 150th birthday.
Sale Sharks chief executive Steve Diamond says he is "very optimistic" about the club's future.
Greece striker Dimitrios Karagounis has signed a new two-year contract, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018 World Cup.
St Mirren beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle to reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish League Cup.
A man has become the first person in the world to pull a giant jellyfish out of his mouth.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets of Motherwell to protest against the closure of two of Scotland's largest steel plants.
YouTube vloggers have been urged to explain why their videos are not labelled as advertising.
The parents of a 12-year-old boy who has special needs in Northern Ireland say they have been unable to find a special school for him.
Ukraine's president, Viktor Yanukovych, has signed a deal with the European Union to form a new government.
Australia is in the midst of a political crisis.
More than 100 people have come forward to say they have been sexually abused at children's homes in north Wales.
A man has been found dead at a hotel in Edinburgh.
Leigh North and Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the British and Irish Lions tour.
Reading have signed Leyton Orient defender Alex Rakels on a season-long loan deal.
Singer Lana Del Rey says she feels like she's living in the real world.
In the past few years, the US has experienced a series of violent clashes between black and white communities.
The number of unregistered schools in England and Wales has reached a new all-time high, according to Ofsted.
Women's Super League One side Doncaster Rovers Belles have announced their squad for the 2017-18 season.
Slovenian Andy Bedene says he hopes to become the first player to represent Great Britain at the Olympics.
Spain's Alberto Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of this year.
A disabled woman who lost her job because of her disability has won an appeal against the decision.
In our series of letters from the BBC, Philip Hammond explains why the Conservative Party is so determined to stay in the European Union.
Former Ulster Grand Prix champion Joey Martin has been named as the new winner of the Dundee Grand Prix.
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has said he will not protest if fans protest at the club's relegation from the Championship.
For the past five years, Jessica Black has been running a fitness studio in south London.
Anthony Dickens says he is "devastated" to have been stripped of his WBA world featherweight title by Carl Frampton.
Irish citizenship certificates will not be issued until the end of the year, the UK government has said.
A herd of sheep has been stolen from a farm in Inverness.
Britain's Anthony Parker won his first WBO world welterweight title with a hard-fought victory over Ivanjanjanz in Auckland.
US President-elect Donald Trump has reversed his stance on the world's most important ally, the United States.
Colin McCoy won the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham for the first time in his career.
Scarlets scrum-half Joe Williams has been removed from the Scarlets kit after a picture of him dressed as a black man was posted online.
A Vietnamese man has apologised to Facebook users for using his real name as a fake.
Supermarket chain Tesco has sold its stake in Giraffe to private equity firm 3i and Risk Capital Partners.
A Scottish man who posed for selfies with people at the Edinburgh International Festival has been given the go-ahead for a new exhibition.
The bodies of three Syrian refugees have been found on a beach in Turkey's Aegean Sea.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says his side's performance in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Shrewsbury was a "ticking-tock".
The government is failing to do enough to protect consumers from the Grenfell Tower fire, a leading trade body has said.
Three women have been charged with fraudulently raising money for Unicef in Cardiff.
Portsmouth have been offered the chance to appoint a new manager following the club's relegation from League Two.
Human rights groups have called for an urgent investigation into the deaths of three people at a migrant camp in Greece.
One of the world's largest stegosaurs, the Stegosaurus, has been discovered in the UK.
Volkswagen's former chief executive has pleaded guilty to rigging diesel vehicles to cheat emissions tests.
The number of cases of cervical cancer in the world is rising, according to a new study.
David Cameron has said the UK will continue to work with Turkey to fight so-called Islamic State.
Tim Peake has just returned to the International Space Station.
BBC Radio 1 has announced plans to cut the number of radio presenters to two.
More than 1,000 whales have been strung together on the Isle of Man.
The Saudi-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) rebels in Yemen says it is ready to resume its campaign to retake the country.
It's been a busy week for Radio 4.
The maker of Irn Bru Xtra and Rubicon Spring has announced plans to cut the amount of sugar in its soft drinks portfolio.
Facebook's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, has stepped down from his role as publisher of Gawker Media.
One of the world's most famous robots, Eric the Robot, has gone on display at the Natural History Museum in London.
Police in El Salvador have issued a warning to Mexican drug cartels, warning them of a growing threat to the country's economy.
Great Britain's men's and women's curling teams will receive more than £1m of funding from the UK government over the next five years.
Premiership side Manchester Storm came from behind to beat League One side Storm.
The chief constable of Scotland's Police and Crime Commissioner has called for a review of whether cyclists should face criminal charges.
A woman who was arrested on suspicion of murdering her son has been released without charge.
Portsmouth came from behind to beat Carlisle in League Two.
Scientists in the US say they have discovered a new way of measuring the shape of an electron.
Members of Parliament should be allowed to report their private lives, the justice secretary has said.
A student has been ordered to pay more than £150,000 to his family after he was crushed by a tipperboard.
Britain's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Giro d'Italia with victory over Italy's Giacomo Nizzolo.
A car park operator is being investigated by police after a woman complained she had to be removed from a car park.
Plans for major improvements to a busy Glasgow street have been given the go-ahead.
A South African rock band has released a song calling for peace in Africa.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found at a house in Worcestershire.
It's been a busy week for the Welsh government.
The BBC has been accused of "misleading" conservationists by criticising wildlife campaigner Peter Packham.
The Chicago Cubs beat the Chicago Cubs 4-3 to win the World Series for the third time in four years.
A crowdfunding page set up to raise money for the terminally ill actress Alison Bracknell has raised more than £10,000.
Swansea City ended Tottenham's unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a hard-fought victory at Upton Park.
China is one of the world's fastest growing economies.
The Queen's 90th birthday celebrations are to be held in London.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
A robot that can detect when a robot is falling has been developed by a Georgia university.
The idea of the introduction of ID cards in England and Wales has been a long-running one.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has met his former team-mate to discuss his future at the club.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has told the BBC that the Swiss authorities are investigating alleged corruption at the world football governing body.
New England head coach Warren Gatland should remain in charge of the Six Nations, according to former Wales scrum-half Michael Thomas.
Former FBI Director James Comey has told the US Senate that he is "not a liar".
Former West Yorkshire MP Peter Galloway has been suspended from the race for the West Yorkshire by the Electoral Commission.
A section of a dual carriageway in Inverness which was closed for more than two years has been reopened.
Lucha Libre, the Mexican version of the Ultimate Fighting Championship, has been launched in the US.
A man who helped a terminally-ill boy to raise money for his cancer has been jailed for three years.
Former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been appointed as Australia's ambassador to the United States.
Northern Ireland's energy minister, Jim Hamilton, is expected to announce plans to scrap the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The body of missing toddler Ben Needham has been found at a farmhouse in Cyprus, police have said.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a balcony in Brighton.
Northern Ireland's Martin McDowell shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational.
The locks of a bridge have been removed in a bid to protect them from potential damage.
Lewis Hamilton says he is ready to challenge Nico Rosberg for the Formula 1 title again this year.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was found stabbed to death in a car.
A dog has died after falling into a river in Inverness.
Police in Australia say they are investigating reports of "lurking clowns" in the US.
Northamptonshire's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the T20 Blast were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by Durham.
Virat Kohli's first Test century of the year helped India beat India by eight wickets in the first Test in Durban.
The number of people switching energy suppliers has more than doubled in a year, according to new figures.
More than half of children in the UK are not getting enough exercise, according to a study.
People with osteoarthritis are more likely to fracture their bones, a study suggests.
Partick Thistle have signed striker Cammy Smith for an undisclosed fee.
More than 1,000 homes in Salford and West Yorkshire have been left without power for more than 24 hours.
Transport for London (TfL) has announced plans to introduce a cash-only fare system on all its buses.
Edinburgh have announced plans to move to Myreside for the 2017-18 season.
Glasgow-based Marks and Spencer has announced plans to expand its presence in Scotland.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we take a look at some of the latest innovations in fitness technology.
The chief constable of Sheffield United has admitted mistakes made by police during the Hillsborough disaster.
A section of the M4 in Birmingham has reopened after being closed for more than two weeks.
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has failed, the US Navy has said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved to the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-1 victory over Arbroath.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A former music teacher raped a student in his car, a court has heard.
China has reported a sharp rise in imports of oil from Iran, the country's foreign ministry says.
A Welsh MP has accused the government of "pulling the wool over our eyes" over the sale of timber for diseased larch.
The Local Government Association (LGA) has said it is "disappointed" that councils will not be able to increase council tax.
It's been a week since a Japanese boy went missing.
It's been a rollercoaster of a year.
Olympic champion Mo Farah has been speaking to the BBC about how to become a better athlete.
UKIP leader Peter Kassam has called for the party's leadership to be replaced by a new leader.
The Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Ahern has called for a cross-border border check before the EU referendum.
A plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme.
A 19-year-old woman has been shot dead in a street in east London.
The Channel Tunnel is one of the most important waterways in the world.
A leading separatist leader in the Balochistan province has told the BBC he is ready to resume peace talks with the government.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire, David Cameron explains why Downing Street has decided not to press ahead with plans to leave the European Union.
Peruvian President Evo Morales has ordered the release of former President Alberto Fujimori.
Campaigners have called for the introduction of a vaccine to prevent cervical cancer in Wales.
A father whose son has been searching for a new blue cup for more than three years has found it.
Toni Cairney scored twice as Fulham came from behind to beat Brentford and move into the Championship play-off places.
Francois Ayrault has been appointed president of the French government, the Elysee Palace has announced.
A naked man has been found naked at a hotel in Greater Manchester.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Wycombe Wanderers striker Alex Akinfenwa has been sent off after being sent off during a game against Le Havre.
Former Philadelphia Mayor Abdul Fattah has been sentenced to eight years in prison for fraud and money laundering.
Great Britain's men's curling team has set a record for the most medals at a Winter Olympics, according to UK Sport.
Scotland's finance secretary, John Swinney, has proposed a new fiscal framework for the Scottish budget.
Wycombe Wanderers were held to a goalless draw by Stevenage in the National League.
A 17-year-old boy has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of the murder of a schoolboy.
Great Britain's men's rowing team have reached the semi-finals of the European Championships in Budapest.
Serena Williams has denied she was involved in a hit-and-run crash in Florida in which a man died.
Chess boxing is one of India's most popular sports.
A fund set up to fund a US space telescope has raised more than $2m (Â£1.5m) to help fund the project.
Two Scottish MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to remain in the European Union.
A man has been fined £10,000 after falling from a roof in Edinburgh.
Labour's National Executive Committee (NEC) has failed to reach a deal on changes to the party's leadership contest.
Violence and intimidation against women is to be labelled as a hate crime in Nottinghamshire.
The prospect of a border poll between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland is a huge one.
A Cambodian man and his wife have returned to Australia after a deal to resettle asylum seekers in the country was abandoned.
A sign in memory of missing schoolgirl April Jones has been removed from a cafe.
Mohammed Choudary has been jailed for life for encouraging the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
A seven-year-old boy has died after a fire broke out at a house in Swansea.
Apple has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.8bn) in bonds in the US and Canada.
A Kent hospital has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
China has accused the US of violating its "One China" policy.
A children's orphanage in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou has been temporarily closed.
An inquest into the deaths of three men who drowned on a beach has been adjourned until the end of the year.
There are three key pins and levers in Labour's manifesto.
The family of a British backpacker who went missing while on holiday in Peru say they are "devastated" he has not been found.
Peruvian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has said he is committed to tackling poverty and inequality.
A man has been rescued after falling into the sea in Bangor.
A biker has told a court he has been banned from a pub for swearing at bikers.
Leeds Rhinos suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by Wolves at Headingley.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with victory over Linfield.
Plans for a new shopping centre have been given the go-ahead.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill in Clonmel, County Down, is to close.
Victims of child sex abuse in England and Wales have said they are "disappointed" that the former head of the Child Abuse Inquiry has resigned.
The Church of Scotland and the Scottish Episcopal Church have signed a joint document.
An investigation into the death of a three-month-old baby girl in Northamptonshire has found "serious failings".
England coach Mark Sampson has named his squad for the Women's Euro 2016 warm-up camp.
The referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union has been held in the UK for the first time.
Morocco's king, King Abdullah II, has promised to reform the country's constitution.
South Africa batsman Kevin Pietersen has signed a new three-year contract with the Miami Dolphins, which will keep him at the club until 2019.
A senior member of the Northern Ireland Assembly has urged the prime minister to take legal action against the UK government over its decision to leave the EU.
Northern Ireland's political parties are holding talks to try to resolve a long-running dispute over the future of the country.
A painting by French artist Monet has gone on display at the Royal Academy of Art for the first time.
A man whose business was destroyed in a fire has described it as "like a rollercoaster".
Two police officers who filmed themselves filming the Shoreham air disaster have been sacked.
Sheffield United's Ahmed Musa scored a hat-trick as they beat League One side Leicester to reach the third round of the EFL Cup.
Patients with sepsis should be screened for signs of the disease, according to a new study.
Robin Williams' estranged wife has filed a legal challenge to his estate.
A man has been jailed for three years for fraudulently claiming more than £1m in tax credits and child benefit.
Astronaut Lucas has been on the International Space Station for the first time.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kent.
The UK government's decision not to export arms to Saudi Arabia has been upheld by the Supreme Court.
England's top order suffered a humiliating defeat in the first Test against India in Dhaka.
Costa Cruises, the world's biggest cruise operator, has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first three months of the year.
Uruguay has become the first country in the world to legalise the sale of cannabis.
A woman who survived a huge fire at a waste processing plant has been named as the UK's Woman of the Year.
Bristol residents have been using vinegar to try to rid their garden of weeds.
Oxfordshire County Council's spending review could lead to job losses, according to a think tank.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a music festival in Toronto, Canada.
Christian Forsberg scored twice as RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man FSV Mainz.
Jeremy Hunt has said he wants to build the UK's biggest high-speed broadband network by 2020.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of HIV testing in the world, says the World Health Organization.
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay has signed a new three-year contract, which will keep her at Celtic until the end of the 2017-18 season.
Crawley Town have signed striker James Hurst on a season-long loan from West Bromwich Albion.
Edinburgh reached the semi-finals of the European Challenge Cup for the first time with a convincing victory over bottom side Leinster.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will scrap the £20,000 cap on benefits in England and Wales.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has upheld a ban on private use of the internet at work.
A cheetah has been shot dead by a hunter in southern Africa.
The number of adult social care services in England is at an all-time low, according to a survey.
Kilmarnock have signed former Rangers midfielder David McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee.
Nottingham Forest boss Neil Warnock says he is ready to sell any of his players before the end of the season.
Wakefield Trinity have signed Wigan Warriors full-back Alex Mellor on a two-year deal.
Championship side Blackburn Rovers have signed midfielder Jack MacDonald on loan until the end of the season.
NHS Dumfries and Galloway has been criticised for failing to improve care for patients with dementia.
Bournemouth manager Paul Friend has been taken to hospital after falling into a tunnel during a pre-season friendly against Southampton.
Belize is one of the smallest countries in the world, with a population of about 1.5 million.
A woman has been cleared of having sex with a 15-year-old boy.
A new treatment for a rare form of epilepsy has been developed in Edinburgh.
The Gambia's interim president, Yahya Jammeh, has said he will fight any attempt to oust him.
A primary school in west Belfast has been praised for its "social justice" approach to teaching.
The Republic of Ireland's deputy first minister has said she will appeal against a High Court ruling that she should not be allowed to speak to the media.
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have signed defender David MacGillivray on a season-long loan.
Oil and gas giant BG Group has reported a drop in first-quarter profits as it continues to struggle with the price of oil.
Cumbria's tourism industry has warned of a "catastrophic" drop in visitor numbers due to flooding.
Scunthorpe's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Fleetwood.
Thousands of people have been displaced by the earthquake in Nepal's capital Kathmandu, officials say.
The brother of a British man who died in the Brussels terror attacks has said he has no idea where he is.
Britain's most successful female jockey, Helen Turner, has told BBC Radio 4's Today programme it is time for more women to take up the sport.
Oil giant BP has announced plans to cut more than 1,000 jobs in the North Sea.
Human remains have been found in the US state of New Mexico, police say.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Londonderry.
"I've never seen anything like it," says her father, Michael Hitchon.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has topped the US box office for the first time this year, according to official figures.
A dog has been rescued from a cliff edge in Devon.
The mother of a woman who died after being hit by a lorry has said she is "devastated" by the death of her daughter.
Thousands of fans have taken part in the Northumberland Rugby World Cup, organisers have said.
Cardiff City suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw at Bristol City.
Hundreds of bearded dragons have been rescued from a Ceredigion pet shop.
Newport County maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with victory over Mansfield.
A man has been jailed for life for helping to dispose of a man's body in a park.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has said it is "very optimistic" about the success of its football coaching scheme.
An 18th Century Monet painting by Pablo Picasso has sold for £8.5m at auction in London.
Lewis Hamilton held off Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to win the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Ian McDowell says he is in a good position to compete at the Ryder Cup.
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has been fined £1m by the UK's competition watchdog for allegedly abusing a cancer drug.
Zanzibar has been granted permission to join the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Mercedes will not compete in the 2017 FIA Formula 1 Grand Prix, it has been announced.
A water main has burst in a block of flats in Bournemouth.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she would support a return to tax credits if the party wins Holyrood.
Bristol City will be without striker Alvaro Morata for the rest of the season because of a hamstring injury.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has formed a coalition of Sunni, Shia and Kurdish parties.
Parts of Scotland have been hit by heavy rain and strong winds.
Hundreds of tonnes of gold coins have been discovered on the Mediterranean coast of Israel.
Former world number one David Lindahl has been fined £1,000 after being found guilty of match-fixing.
The rise in the pay of top executives in the City of London has been described as a "disgrace".
For the first time in more than a decade, a new generation of hairdressers is being recruited to work in the UK.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after being found in a flat in Londonderry.
A couple in Singapore have taken part in a coffin-themed wedding photo shoot for the first time.
Birmingham City were held to a goalless draw by Huddersfield Town.
British actress Laura Johnston has been cast in the second series of the hit series of The Great British Bake Off.
Russia's currency, the rouble, has fallen to an all-time low against the dollar.
Wolfsburg striker Bastian Schweinsteiger has been fined by the Bundesliga club for wearing underwear in his car.
Volunteers have been searching for a key part of a German military teleprinter that was stolen during World War Two.
Wales is to host a series of international festivals in India to celebrate the country's rich cultural heritage.
Too many underperforming schools in England are failing to improve, a watchdog has said.
Leicester City have agreed a new deal to sign Italy defender Nicolas Rereillere for an undisclosed fee.
Russia has become the first country in the world to set up a state-owned property registry.
Nato and Russia have met for the first time to discuss the Ukraine crisis.
The Scottish Prison Service (SPS) has been given the go-ahead to install mobile phones in its cells.
The US state of Louisiana has been hit by the worst flooding in its history.
Australia's first female chief pilot has been appointed by the country's largest airline.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has been accused of spreading fake news on social media.
Brazil's President Michel Temer has condemned the rape of a 15-year-old girl in Rio de Janeiro.
Plans for a new golf course have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Google has announced plans to build 650,000 sq ft headquarters in London.
Archaeologists have discovered what they believe to be the remains of a burial chamber at Stonehenge.
A chronology of key events:
Liverpool striker Benteke says he would like to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
The family of a Scottish woman who has been living in Australia for more than 30 years say they have been told she cannot return to the UK.
More than 1,000 people have been affected by flooding in County Londonderry.
The Scottish government has set up a taskforce to tackle the closure of a fish processing plant in East Lothian.
Former Lancashire captain Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket.
A newborn baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop.
Celtic chief executive Mark Doncaster says the club's return to the top flight will be a "huge boost" for the club.
A Welsh university's tuition fee grant should be scrapped, a leading academic has said.
Charlton Wanderers boss Ronny Luzon says he will not worry about his side's poor start to the season.
Chinese President Xi Jinping is "trying to crack down" on foreign companies, according to former Hong Kong finance minister Michael McGregor.
All pictures are copyrighted.
More than half of working families in England are struggling to make ends meet, according to the charity Shelter.
The number of people using contactless cards in London rose by more than a third last year, figures show.
The family of a teenage boy who died after being hit by a minibus have paid tribute to him.
Iraqi forces have retaken the city of Falluja from so-called Islamic State (IS), the city's governor has said.
Reading Ladies secured their first win of the Women's Super League One season with victory over Birmingham City Ladies.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
The UK's inflation rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, official figures show.
Olympic silver medallist Michael Davies and world champion Laura Davies both won gold medals at the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
The Scottish government has published detailed plans for a new section of the A74 in Caithness.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Paul Heckingbottom says he has no intention of re-signing Yeng Yiadom.
The Liberal Democrats have accused the Welsh government of failing to give the public enough information about the Welsh Metro.
Ireland captain Conor Murray has been named in the starting line-up for Saturday's Six Nations match against Ireland in Dublin.
The BBC spends more than £125m a year in the Midlands, a Westminster MP has said.
Astronomers say they have discovered a new object in the Solar System.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at how the European Union has responded to the migrant crisis.
England beat New Zealand at Twickenham for the first time in their history.
One of the world's largest artificial intelligence companies, OpenAI, has raised $1.5bn (Â£1.3bn) in funding.
George Laidlaw scored a hat-trick as Scotland thrashed Georgia to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea is to leave the club at the end of the season.
Social media has become a key battleground for the Labour Party in the general election, according to new research.
Sir Sir Neville Chamberlain has died at the age of 90.
It has been a year since a man became the first athlete to win a gold medal at the Olympic Games.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash on a dual carriageway in Bangor.
A ban on legal highs being sold at headshops in the Republic of Ireland has come into effect.
Porto midfielder Gianluigi Buffon's future at the club is in doubt, according to the club's director of football Gianfranco Hughes.
A man has died after his lorry crashed into a lorry.
A body has been found on a beach in Cornwall.
Songs from Guernsey have been named this year's Sound of the Year.
As the polls closed in the Israeli capital, Tel Aviv, there was a palpable sense of euphoria.
More than one in five people in the UK spends more than two hours a day commuting, according to new figures.
Barra Airport is one of Scotland's most famous tourist attractions.
Work to build a new bridge over the River Tydfil has begun.
A woman who died in the Manchester Arena attack has been named as Elaine McIver.
Plans to build the Garden Bridge in London have been given the go-ahead.
A collection of works inspired by Chatsworth Gardens has gone on display.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for planning to fight for the Islamic State group in Syria.
It has been a year of highs and lows for the arts in Northern Ireland.
The director of Tate Modern has announced that he is stepping down at the end of the year.
Premier League clubs will be able to sign players on loan until the end of the season.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition against plans to increase parking charges at Reading Hospital.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has called for a free trade agreement with the rest of the world.
A nun in the western Indian city of Kolkata has died at the age of 90.
Sunderland goalkeeper Jade Laws has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
Wales should have the power to veto any Brexit deal, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
The Co-operative Bank has confirmed it is in talks with its creditors about a possible takeover.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has told the BBC he wants to leave the country.
Improvements have been made to a section of the Brunel railway which has been closed for more than a year.
Fester, a black and white kennel, has been reunited with his owner after more than a year.
A letter written by Beatles singer John Lennon to his daughter Harrie has gone on display in London.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire, we take a look at some of the key issues facing the Conservative Party.
A giant copy of Magna Carta has been unveiled at Lincoln Castle to mark its 100th anniversary.
Scotland captain Darren Wilson has been named as the national team's captain for the first time since Darren Fletcher was injured.
A £1m rescue boat has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos for the first time.
Police in the US city of Ferguson have fired tear gas at protesters trying to break a curfew.
The Brazilian government has been accused of failing to protect the country's largest forest reserve.
Former British and Irish Lions director of rugby Steve Solomons says the Pro12 will be "the toughest" in the world.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has declared a nationalisation of the country's main electricity provider.
US fast food chain Kum Brands has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a rethink of plans for the redevelopment of Wokingham.
Fire crews have been tackling a blaze at a former oil refinery in Aberdeen.
Voters in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a new police officer.
Members of the UK's largest trade union, the TUC, have voted in favour of industrial action.
Kilmarnock have appointed Lee Clark as their new manager.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins has become the first Briton to win the Tour de France.
Hanoi is one of the world's fastest growing cities.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of plotting to behead a police officer in Sydney.
The chairman of Northampton Town Football Club has said he is "shocked and saddened" by the club's financial problems.
Millions of older people are struggling to afford a home in their early adulthood, according to a new report.
A Scottish photographer has created a collection of Star Wars-themed photos.
Former world number one Ray Moore has resigned as head coach of the Indian Wells Open.
Leicester Tigers head coach Richard Cockerill has resigned.
Former Wall Street chief executive Hank Greenberg has gone on trial in New York for fraud, the US Supreme Court has ruled.
Ben Trescothick hit his first first-class century of the season as Nottinghamshire took control on day two against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge.
A Newport-based turkey processing company has been fined £1,000 after being found guilty of defecating turkey.
A police officer who saved a man from falling from a fire escape has been awarded a bravery award.
Volkswagen has said it is working with the US government to find a solution to its diesel emissions scandal.
Chester came from behind to beat Macclesfield in the National League.
A Sri Lankan man has been arrested in connection with an alleged match-fixing scam, the country's cricket minister has said.
Defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he is no longer smoking as he prepares to defend his Masters title.
Sky has been awarded the rights to broadcast Premier League games for the first time.
Sinn Féin and Fianna Fáil have agreed a deal to end water charges in the Republic of Ireland.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed Wolves striker Jack Mackie on a two-year deal.
A baby albino deer has been born in the US.
Police are investigating the disappearance of a family from Luton who went to Syria to join Islamic State (IS).
Plans for a floating ferry service between Cardiff and Cardiff have been submitted to the Welsh Government.
The Northern Ireland Police Service (NIPS) has failed in a bid to obtain documents relating to alleged links to loyalist paramilitaries.
US President Barack Obama did not know about Russian meddling in the 2016 election, Donald Trump has said.
Police are investigating after a loud sound was heard at a Basingstoke football club.
Two Turkish newspapers have been attacked in Istanbul, police say.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at Belfast Children's Hospital for the first time.
A Carmarthenshire woman accused of harassing a councillor has had her case against the county council dropped.
Chinese airline Emirates has said it is investigating after a man was caught stealing watches from a flight in Hong Kong.
France's far-right presidential candidate has accused the EU of "betrayal" and urged voters to vote for a "Frexit".
The family of a British man who was born in the UK does not have the right to appeal against his deportation, the US Supreme Court has ruled.
A former BlackRock chief executive has been banned from the City of London for five years after failing to pay for a ticket.
Five former British prime ministers have called for David Cameron to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin to discuss corruption.
Liam Cassidy's first-half equaliser earned Hartlepool victory over Macclesfield.
Iran's main nuclear reactor is ready to resume production, the country's energy minister has said.
The family of a British soldier who went missing during World War Two have spoken of their shock at the discovery of his body.
Tony Bellew says he is prepared to face Tony Bellew in a rematch of his WBA world heavyweight title fight.
The battle for the UK's biggest clothing retailer, BHS, has come to an end.
South Africa's steelworkers have staged a 24-hour strike in the capital, Pretoria.
A French man has been awarded the Legion of Honour by the French government after being shot dead by a gunman on a train.
A major road in a Borders town has been closed due to flooding.
Plans for a devolution deal between two Suffolk councils have been put on hold.
Championship side Notts County have signed former Manchester City defender Paul van der Roon for an undisclosed fee.
A replica of the coffin of Winston Churchill has been restored at a museum in Oxfordshire.
The head of London's Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecology has told the BBC he has had a "difficult" week.
Swiss furniture giant Ikea has recalled one of its most popular chairs after it was found to have broken bones.
India's central bank has banned the circulation of small and medium-sized banknotes for the first time.
American football star Jessica Chastain is to donate her brain to the University of Massachusetts.
A woman and her dog have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a building in Strathclyde.
Former England and Australia batsman Phil Hughes has died at the age of 69.
Hull City's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Nottingham Forest.
Scientists say they have made a breakthrough in the fight against type 1 diabetes.
Aston Villa striker Yaya Toure was sent off in the first half of their 1-1 draw with Watford at Vicarage Road.
Hibernian midfielder Lewis Stevenson says he is "dreaming" of playing for the club again.
Chelsea goalkeeper Laura Lindahl has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
A Pakistani woman who was dubbed the "most famous Afghan girl in the world" has been found guilty of fraud.
Before the invention of the ShakerScope, it was thought to be the most powerful medical equipment in the world.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a block of flats in Glasgow.
Plans for a dual carriageway between Oxford and Witney have been given the go-ahead.
Newcastle United have signed former Feyenoord striker Daryl Janmamama for an undisclosed fee.
Police investigating the disappearance of a 13-year-old girl in Greater Manchester have issued a fresh appeal for information.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a three-year-old girl from Teesside.
The head of the Church of England has said he is "disappointed" by the treatment of gay people in the church.
Celtic striker Scott Griffiths says he is ready to take on the role of striker in Saturday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Derek McInnes has signed a new three-year contract with Aberdeen.
Nottingham Panthers extended their lead at the top of the Elite League to eight points with a 2-1 victory over Nottingham Panthers.
Lido beach in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, is one of the most popular beaches in the world.
A former Catholic priest from County Londonderry has been given the chance to become a saint.
Artworks by French artist Matisse are to go on display at the Tate Modern for the first time.
A father has been found guilty of murdering his newborn baby son, a court has heard.
A former Leeds United assistant manager has told a tribunal she was treated as a "sex slave" by the club.
Elton John has apologised to fans who complained about his stewards at an Elton John concert.
Crystal Palace manager Sam Allardyce has left the club.
A care home in Ceredigion is to close.
The European Space Agency's Juno probe has captured the most detailed images yet of Jupiter.
In our series of letters from Scottish journalists, I have been quoted as saying: "There is no backfilling in Scotland's police force."
The owner of a Wigan biscuit factory has been forced to close after the UK voted to leave the EU.
The founder of the Pembrokeshire Zano project has apologised after it was criticised for its lack of funding.
Two men have been arrested in connection with an attack by Islamic State (IS) militants in Malaysia.
Bulgaria's bid to become the next secretary general of the United Nations has been given the go-ahead.
Six people have been arrested as part of a major anti-terror operation in Europe, police say.
A soldier's medals have been stolen from his car in Lancashire.
Three Irish authors have been shortlisted for this year's Irish Book of the Year award.
A heritage museum in Leicestershire has been put on the brink of closure.
Olivier Walcott's injury-time equaliser gave Manchester United victory over Arsenal at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side will have to adapt to the conditions of the first Test against Bangladesh.
Twenty years ago this week, the Titanic sank off the coast of the Republic of Ireland.
One of Northern Ireland's largest bird rescue groups is trying to save the lives of hundreds of bats.
A man has been stabbed to death on a train in central London.
Voters in England and Wales have voted to leave the European Union.
Fifteen pupils have been suspended from a school in Fife after being found with cannabis.
Leeds suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Queens Park Rangers.
Three men have appeared in court charged with improper filming of a helicopter.
Microsoft has unveiled a new version of its handheld video game console, the Xbox 360.
Celtic will begin their defence of the Scottish Premiership title at the end of the season.
Passengers have been warned not to approach Gatwick Airport after a drone flew close to the runway.
Bahrain's most prominent human rights activist, Abdulhadi Rajab, has been released from prison.
Aberdeen maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Rangers.
Plans for a private-sector consortium to deal with cancer care in Staffordshire have been submitted to the government.
A commemorative stone has been unveiled in Jersey to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Exeter Chiefs maintained their unbeaten start to the Premiership season with a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered an independent review into allegations of abuse and neglect at care homes in Wales.
Burkina Faso reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Congo.
A prominent Tamil film-maker has been arrested in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu for allegedly sedition.
Two planes have been damaged in a collision on a flight between Detroit and Dallas.
The number of people seeking work in Scotland has reached a record high, according to official figures.
A student has become the first person in the world to be able to make "real" snowflakes.
The number of suicides in mental health units in England is at its lowest level for more than a decade, a report has found.
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has been given the go-ahead for a new treatment.
Motherwell have cancelled their pre-season friendly against Kilmarnock because of illness.
Anti-abortion activist Ruth Schlafly has died at the age of 83.
A plumbing firm has been fined £1,000 for failing to properly install gas pipes in a block of flats.
The University of Groningen is one of the most prestigious universities in the world.
Ulster-Scots is one of Northern Ireland's most important languages.
A 19-year-old woman who went missing in California last week has been found safe and well, police say.
New York City's New York City City Council has approved a bill that would make it easier for street performers to carry out their duties.
A terminally ill man who was evicted from a mental health unit has been given a new lease of life.
Women who use private testing services to find out if they have Down's syndrome should be consulted, a leading health charity has said.
Ballymena United have signed midfielder Darren Boyce on loan until the end of the season.
Walkers and cyclists in Wales are being urged to do more to encourage them to take part in activities.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, we look at some of the key issues in the race for the Republican presidential nomination.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in the Snowdon Valley Mountain Bike Race in Snowdonia.
The Speaker of the House of Commons, Sir Kevin Nolan, has been accused of using his office for personal gain.
China's social network, Weibo, has raised more than $1bn (£770m) in its first day of trading.
Great Britain's Wheelchair Basketball team are back in action!
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a bus.
The US territory of Guam has been hit by a new threat from North Korea.
A British diver has said he is "overwhelmed" by the news that he has been cleared of his role in the deaths of his wife and daughter.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by gains in oil prices.
Protests have broken out in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya.
Rory McIlroy says the Ryder Cup will be a "game-changer" for the United States.
Three men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a garage in Blackpool.
Amazon has been accused of paying thousands of pounds of tax in the UK.
At the start of the migrant crisis in Turkey, hundreds of families have been trying to find their loved ones.
It has been a year since the world's most successful sprinter was banned from the sport.
A Northamptonshire MP has announced he will stand for re-election to the House of Commons.
Swansea City Supporters' Trust has said it is "very interested" in finding a buyer for the club.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a 15-year-old girl by careless driving.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has no doubts about his side's ability to beat Wales at Euro 2016.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has defended Ed Miliband's handling of a dispute with union leaders.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has said he does not believe the UK's relationship with the EU will be "difficult".
Raith Rovers have re-signed former Falkirk striker Alex Martin on a season-long loan.
More than 6,000 jobs could be created by a new Circuit of Wales, the chief executive of the British motor racing industry has said.
Southampton County Council has announced plans to cut hundreds of jobs and outsourcing services.
Elgin City's hopes of reaching the Scottish Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Elgin City.
Championship side Wolverhampton Wanderers have signed midfielder Jack James on a season-long loan deal.
A woman and her husband have been stabbed to death at a house in West Yorkshire.
Hibernian midfielder Scott Robertson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf injury.
An inquest into the death of a 13-year-old girl whose body was found in a canal in London has been opened.
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun attack in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
A 19-year-old man has been stabbed to death in central London.
Rolf Harris has been found guilty of historical child sex abuse.
The UK's biggest carmaker, PSA, has said it is in talks with Carlos Slim over a possible takeover of Vauxhall.
A Scottish salmon producer has reported a loss of more than £1m in the first three months of the year.
Northern Ireland's finance minister has called for an independent review into the awarding of contracts to investment firm Invest NI.
A chemical that mimics human skin has been found to be effective at repelling mosquitoes.
The trial of a woman accused of having sex with her boyfriend has been adjourned until the end of the year.
Apple has been accused of trademark infringement for more than a decade.
Millions of people in Anglesey have been told to boil their water after a water main burst.
In our series of letters from technology journalists, we take a look back at some of the biggest technology announcements of the year.
England took control of the second day of the third Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston.
The Japanese Society of Northern Ireland has opened its doors to the public for the first time in Belfast.
David Cameron has said he wants a UN resolution on Syria's chemical weapons to be adopted by the end of the year.
The author of a book about David Cameron's links to the Greek island of Gallipoli has been admitted to hospital.
The Taliban have retaken the northern Afghan province of Sangin.
A Chelmsford prison has been warned it needs to do more to tackle a growing problem of illegal drugs being thrown through its walls.
Women will be ordained in Bangor Cathedral for the first time, the Church of Wales has announced.
Councillors have been given the go-ahead to approve a £1.5m plan to build a railway line through the Borders.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said he hopes the SDLP will form a majority in the Northern Ireland Executive.
The funeral of one of the Irish coastguard's most senior crew members has taken place in Galway.
Thousands of people have been taking part in a virtual reality festival in China.
A team of all-amputee rowers have won the Crucible Challenge for the first time.
One of the world's most advanced tidal energy systems has been installed on a Shetland island.
Carlisle United have signed midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season.
Two German men who claim to have found a World War Two Nazi train have denied it was buried in a tunnel.
League Two side Bournemouth have signed defender Alex Darby on a season-long loan deal.
As the Tate Modern opens its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade, it is clear that it is not yet ready for a radical transformation.
Former CIA director John Brennan has been accused of hacking a private email account while he was secretary of state.
RoboCup, the world's first artificial intelligence-powered football team, has won the World Cup for the first time.
A woman has been raped in the northern Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, police say.
Mini Mini has stopped selling its Mini Mini sports car after it was found to be under the influence of cocaine.
Britain's Chris Froome has won the Vuelta a Espana for the first time.
Teachers in England are being paid more than they are in other parts of the world, according to the OECD.
Malaysia's highest court has rejected a legal challenge to the UK government's refusal to commission an inquiry into the killings of more than 1,000 ethnic Malaysians.
Huddersfield Town have signed former Arsenal midfielder Jonas Nordtveit on a season-long loan deal.
Scottish punk band Green Day have cancelled a Glasgow concert due to "extreme weather conditions".
Schools in England are failing to properly manage the number of children they admit, a report says.
Swansea City extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with victory over Tottenham.
Celtic manager Ronny Brown says the club's poor start to the season has left him "embarrassed".
Gareth Bale has signed a new four-year deal with Paris St-Germain.
The Northern Ireland Assembly is set to vote on whether or not to increase the pay of its MLAs.
Russia has carried out military exercises with pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine for the first time.
A former consultant at Stafford Hospital has been banned from the profession.
Tunisia's navy says it has stopped a boat carrying Turkish opposition activists after it was seized in the Gaza Strip.
The Scottish Conservatives and Labour have clashed in the first day of campaigning ahead of the general election.
Victims of mesothelioma in the UK will be able to receive compensation from the government, the government has announced.
Blackburn Rovers moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Bristol City.
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have re-signed striker Jack Barnett on a season-long loan deal.
South Sudan's opposition leader, Riek Machar, has said he will leave the country within days.
(Close): London's leading share index closed lower, with shares in RBS leading the way.
A man who died after being restrained by police has been named by police.
The number of people who identify as Christians in Wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2001, according to a new census.
French Resistance leader Raymond Aubrac has died at the age of 83, his wife has said.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria over allegations of same-sex marriage.
Leeds Rhinos suffered their first defeat of the season as they lost to Widnes Vikings in the Grand Final.
Milton Keynes Dons are not a Premier League club.
Scotland's councils are ready to accept Syrian refugees, the Council for the Homeless (Cosla) has said.
Aberdeen beat Apollon Limassol to reach the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time in four years.
A Canadian air force helicopter has been fined $1,000 (Â£1,500) after a woman said she was "shocked and disgusted" by its use of loudspeakers.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for stabbing a fellow student to death.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Italy's Fabio Fognini in straight sets to reach the second round of the ATP World Tour Finals.
A German man has been arrested in connection with the Borussia Dortmund bus attack on 11 April.
The family of a black man who died after being beaten to death by police have called for answers to questions about his death.
Gillingham have appointed Paul Pennock as their new manager for the rest of the season.
Two Indian men have been charged with sedition for cheering Pakistan's World Cup semi-final defeat by India.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said the Islamic State (IS) group will not be allowed to import oil from Turkey.
The US Army Corps of Engineers has denied permission for a controversial oil pipeline to be built in North Dakota.
An alpacas has been left in a critical condition after being attacked by a wolf.
The mother of a prisoner who was killed in a bomb attack at a prison in Northern Ireland has said she is "shocked and angry".
A man accused of murdering a man in a Dundee nightclub has told a court he felt "like a teddy bear".
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is "very happy" with the appointment of Southgate as England manager.
Derek Hayes has had his appeal against his red card against Aberdeen overturned by the Scottish Football Association.
Lloyds Banking Group (LFB) has apologised after a fire broke out at its offices.
A second man has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in a Glasgow park.
Plans for a new stadium for Gloucester City Football Club have been submitted to the Football Association.
Islamic State (IS) has been accused of trying to infiltrate a Muslim mosque in south Wales.
Archaeologists in Iraq have created a series of 3D models of the ancient city of Mosul.
The number of people drinking alcohol in Wales has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Excavations are under way to uncover the remains of a Dutch ship that sank more than 100 years ago.
The West Ham Football Club is one of the UK's oldest and most well-known businesses.
The man accused of murdering his wife, Anni Dewani, has been extradited to the UK.
Palliative care services in England and Wales are failing to meet the needs of terminally ill patients, a report says.
England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the third Test in Johannesburg.
Astronomers have discovered a new way to study Jupiter's atmosphere.
Argentina's education minister has unveiled plans to make it easier to assault teachers.
American golfer Michael Allenby says he was robbed at a hotel in Hawaii last week.
Hibernian manager Derek Miller believes his side can beat Aberdeen in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden.
The son of al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has died, his family says.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from a remote part of Chile's Calbuco volcano after a powerful eruption.
The Republican Party of North Carolina has defeated a tea party candidate in a primary to try to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
A university's football tickets have been sold for more than £1,000, the BBC has learned.
The Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) has said he expects to lose more than half of its funding by the end of the year.
Russian opposition leader Evgeny Kasyanov has posted a video in which he threatens to kill opposition leader Ramzan Karyanov.
The Belfast Giants recorded their first win of the season with a 3-1 victory over Fife Flyers.
The Russian state-run newspaper Novaya Gazeta has published a resolution calling for an end to human rights abuses in Chechnya.
The director of Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Harrison Ford, has confirmed he is to direct the next film in the franchise.
England all-rounder James Anderson has broken the world record for the most first-class wickets in a one-day international.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close all of its branches in the UK.
Drugmakers GSK and Pfizer have agreed to buy a third of the world's biggest drugs companies.
A World War Two poster has been sold at auction for more than £1,000.
The FA Cup semi-final between West Ham United and Real Madrid takes place on Saturday.
The justice minister, Martin Shatter, has been a controversial figure in the Republic of Ireland for many years.
League Two side Crawley Town have parted company with midfielder Gaby Williams.
A gym has been criticised after a poster featuring the words "fat fat" was posted on its walls.
Scientists say they have discovered a way to stop breast cancer spreading to the bone.
Chelsea assistant referee Mikel Mikel has been cleared of racial abuse by the Football Association.
Barcelona manager Gary Neville says his side beat Valencia to reach the semi-finals of the Copa del Rey.
Chinese fans are eagerly awaiting the return of one of the world's most famous fantasy stories.
Two cels of Snow White have sold for more than £1m at auction.
Police in Australia have released a mug shot of a man they want to trace.
Britain's Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko have agreed to fight for their WBA and WBO belts, says WBA heavyweight champion Tyson Fury's promoter Eddie Hearn.
A lollipop worker was hit by a car as she walked to school, a court has heard.
Qatar needs to do more to tackle human rights abuses, Amnesty International has said.
A smartphone camera has been used to capture images of Scotland's waterways.
Lenovo has been accused of allowing malware to be installed on some of its computers.
Taylor Swift has been named best female artist at the Grammys.
Germany's economy grew faster than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found injured in a street in South Lanarkshire.
Five teenagers have been arrested in the Italian city of Milan on suspicion of carrying out a gang-style robbery.
A Turkish military jet has crashed in Turkey, killing all 224 people on board, officials say.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will appeal to the Supreme Court to overturn his victory in Sunday's presidential election.
Sophie Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup.
Playboy has announced that it will stop showing naked images of women.
Michael Macklin retained his WBO world middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Felix Felix in Sheffield.
Jayalalitha, the former chief minister of Tamil Nadu state, has died at the age of 83.
Lancashire's police and crime commissioner has said he is concerned about the impact of cuts to the force's budget.
One of the world's rarest birds, the cocker spaniel, has been re-introduced to Hong Kong, a study suggests.
Libya's former prime minister has said he is ready to step down.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says he will stay in the presidential palace in the capital, Caracas, for the rest of his life.
It's that time of year again when EastEnders fans gather to celebrate Lucy Beale's death.
National League side Chesterfield have signed defender Alex Gnanduillet on loan until the end of the season.
Leicester City have signed striker N'Golo Kante for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Human stem cells have been found to be able to repair damaged liver tissue, a study has found.
Mobile phone operators in England and Wales could face fines of up to £10,000 if they fail to comply with a new law.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
For more than a century, Spanish prisoners of war have been held in Nazi concentration camps in Germany.
Tens of thousands of pounds has been lost to a council after a lorry carrying animal carcasses capsized, it has emerged.
Partick Thistle moved off the bottom of the Scottish League Two table with victory over Stranraer.
A 90-year-old man has reunited with his former bandmates for the first time.
A human has been found to be the first to interbreed with Neanderthals, a study suggests.
Syrian opposition leaders have met in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the future of the state.
Leicester City fans have clashed with police in the Spanish capital, Madrid.
The head of the Welsh government's education department has said he is concerned about a rise in early entry to GCSEs.
Two teenage girls have pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of a 13-year-old girl in Wisconsin.
A 13-year-old girl has been rescued from Boko Haram militants in northern Nigeria.
A man has died after falling ill at a house in north London.
Japanese electronics giant Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection.
Black Sabbath, one of Chicago's most influential and influential bands, has died at the age of 90.
It's been a year since the first episode of The Great British Bake Off.
Former Geordie Shore star Gary Tindale has revealed he was "very nervous" about coming out as gay.
Tram trams are to return to the West Midlands for the first time in more than 50 years.
Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo are still in contention to win the Formula 1 title, according to Mercedes.
At the time of the 2010 earthquake in Japan, the world was still reeling from the devastation caused by the earthquake.
Celtic striker Alex Feruz has been charged with driving under the influence of alcohol.
A US student who was held in North Korea for more than a year has died, his lawyer has said.
England all-rounder Alastair Cook took four wickets as his side beat St Kitts by eight wickets in a one-day international in Hobart.
Anthony Evans retained his WBO world light-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over Danny Ormond.
Protests have broken out outside the headquarters of a Welsh language organisation in Ceredigion.
Footballers should be investigated by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) over allegations of tax evasion, the chairman of the committee has said.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Michael Gurney has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has announced it will not be standing in Cornwall's general election.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in their Dorset home.
Tributes have been paid to former Northamptonshire scrum-half Alex Jones at a service to mark his death.
French President Manuel Valls has announced a raft of new measures to help unemployed students.
British MP Jo Cox has been shot dead in her constituency in London.
More than £1m has been pledged to help improve the quality of homes in Wales.
Porto were held to a goalless draw by Chelsea in the Europa League quarter-finals.
Comedian Alan Palin has been awarded a fellowship from the British Academy of Television Arts (BAFA).
The Prince of Wales has written to Prime Minister Tony Blair urging him to consider culling badgers.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash on the M4 in County Armagh.
Iceland's Carl Carlsen beat Russia's Alexander Karjakin in a thrilling chess match in New York.
A former Conservative peer has said he has received support from across the political spectrum.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Aberdeen.
A group of otter cubs have been living in a zoo in London for the first time.
National Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of "misleading" by an auditing body.
Plans to renovate Alexandra Palace have been approved by the government.
St Johnstone manager John Wright says he has no intention of leaving the club.
Donald Trump has accused Hillary Clinton of being a "sexist and divisive" candidate.
Rangers boss Mark Warburton says he was "disappointed" by the referee's red card in the 1-1 draw with Rangers at Hampden.
The sale of shellfish and shellfish in parts of Argyll has been suspended due to health concerns.
Carlisle United have signed striker Mike Jones on a season-long loan deal.
Burnley striker Joey Barton's six-match ban for betting on football matches has been extended.
A former London nightclub owner has been jailed for life for murdering his father.
Chinese social media users have praised a retired police officer who has opened a retirement home for his dogs.
The mother of a baby boy who died after contracting a bacterial infection at a hospital has told a disciplinary hearing.
Sea turtles have been spotted in parts of Wales for the first time in more than a decade.
A plane carrying more than 1,000 people has crashed in the US state of Florida, killing all 224 people on board.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has defended his decision to set up a contingency plan for the country's financial crisis.
Eleven Tube stations in London have been axed as part of a plan to save money.
A man has been charged with assaulting a woman at a supermarket.
Great Britain's Jack Jung has won the Badminton Horse of the Year title for the second year in a row.
It's a song about a man who has been stabbed to death by a group of Islamic State militants in Syria.
A senior Vatican official has donated more than $1m (£1m) to a children's hospital in Rome, his spokeswoman has said.
The Peanuts characters have returned to the big screen for the first time.
A judge in Ohio has ordered the trial of two football players accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl.
Nigeria's presidential candidate, Muhammadu Buhari, has been declared the winner of the presidential election.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Michael Silverwood says he is relishing the chance to win the County Championship for the first time.
The UK's decision to leave the European Union has been described as a referendum on the future of the country.
A corn snake has been rescued from a van in Caerphilly county.
Newport County head coach John Sheridan has praised his players after a 2-1 win over fellow strugglers Exeter.
Exeter City reached the second round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable victory over Crewe Alexandra.
Polish director Jan Wajda has died at the age of 83.
The Independent.co.uk website has been infected with a malicious software attack.
Olympic gold medallist Anna-Marie Urbarguen has won gold in the women's 4x400m relay at the Rio Olympics.
Archaeologists say they have found the oldest structure in the UK to date back more than 1,000 years.
Russia has reacted angrily to the US missile strike on a Syrian airbase.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after police searched his home in London.
A 19-year-old man has been named as the first person to find a gold pendant in Norfolk.
A mental health trust in Lancashire has been given a "good" rating.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis is expected to be fit for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against West Brom at Vicarage Road.
England thrashed South Africa to reach the second round of the World Cup.
Comedian Jason Manford has said he is "lucky to be alive" after being told he could not find a job.
A pensioner who claims he has been exposed to asbestos for 20 years is seeking compensation from the Scottish government.
Liverpool's mayor has outlined plans to cut council tax by more than £1m over the next five years.
Liverpool fans are being urged to support safe standing at all-seater stadiums.
A 16-year-old girl has been given a custodial sentence for assaulting a police officer in Dundee.
Matt Rowe's first-half strike gave Doncaster victory over Colchester in the League Two play-off semi-final.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time.
French President Emmanuel Macron has said he will form a coalition with a former aide to his rival in the presidential run-off.
Jumanji actress Jodie Gillan has joined the cast of the new Guardians of the Galaxy film.
Olympic champion Jade Toulson won gold in the women's 100m backstroke at the European Championships in Budapest.
A man who admitted downloading indecent images of children has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A museum dedicated to the Battle of the Somme has opened.
Police in the US state of Ohio are searching for a man who posed for a selfie with a police officer.
A man has been charged with the murder of a police officer who was shot dead by a gunman in Belgium.
Swiss bank UBS has been charged with tax evasion in France.
Millions of Londoners are being squeezed out of the housing market, according to a new report by housing charity Shelter.
The number of children's services vacancies in England has more than halved in the last five years, official figures show.
Supermarket chain B&Q has reported a drop in pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
Drugmaker GSK has announced plans to change the way it sells medicines in developing countries.
The family of a three-year-old girl who was diagnosed with cerebral palsy have been awarded £1m in damages.
One of the UK's most popular quiz shows has been given the go-ahead for a new series.
More needs to be done to improve the quality of secondary schools in England and Wales, says Ofsted.
Campaigners should not be allowed to use the ballot paper for the general election, an independent review has found.
Oscar-winning actor John Phoenix has said he will not be attending this year's Golden Globes.
A man has been found guilty of killing a man at a stag party in Edinburgh.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side's poor start to the season has increased the pressure on him.
Great Britain won the men's 4x100m relay at the World Championships in Kazan, Russia.
A mechanic has been fined £1,000 after his car was left on the roof of the car for more than three hours.
Four people have been killed in a car bomb attack in central China's Xinjiang region, state media report.
Barclays has said it will pay out more than £1.2m to settle tax and legal settlements in the last three years.
The premiere of the new film, Minions, has taken place in London.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he does not believe former US President Barack Obama is behind his plan to increase defence spending.
More than half of Queen's University staff say they are satisfied with the way the institution is run, according to a survey.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of trying to defraud a bank out of more than £1m.
More needs to be done to tackle mental health problems in prisons in England and Wales, a charity has said.
Ospreys fly-half Dan Williams has signed a new three-year contract with the Ospreys.
All photographs are copyrighted.
One of the UK's best-known pop musicians, who has been making music for more than a decade, has just released his second album.
A teenage boy who was diagnosed with a rare form of bone marrow disease has married his girlfriend.
Australia's richest man has called for a 24-hour working week.
Great Britain's Mark Burnell says he is "disappointed" that he was not awarded a bronze medal in the men's Olympic swimming final.
Glamorgan director of cricket Paul Rudolph says he wants to see more senior players take part in the team's success.
US carmaker Ford has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
A man accused of murdering a police officer has told a court he did not intend to kill him.
Leeds United owner Paul Cellino has resigned from his role as chairman of the Championship club.
Plans to cut council tax by more than a third have been approved by councillors.
Spain's prime minister has called for a second round of talks with the Social Democratic and Labour Party (PSOE).
British and Irish Lions head coach Warren Gatland says his side will learn from their defeat by the All Blacks.
A man and a woman have been taken to hospital after a car they were travelling in collided in Lincolnshire.
Uefa president Andrzej Pohorecki says he is "very happy" with the success of Poland's bid to host the 2020 European Championship.
Nicola Rennie has accused Alex Salmond of "pretending" to be the SNP's foreign affairs spokesman.
Plans for an extension of the Borders Railway have been outlined in a new report.
Plans for a new railway line between Carlisle and Carlisle have been given the go-ahead.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the challenges facing older people.
A sailboat has been involved in a collision with a boat off the Isle of Man.
A new series of TV drama about the 1980s has been commissioned by Channel 4, it has been announced.
Jack Straw has called for a review of the Freedom of Information Act.
Ronnie Burns retained his IBF world featherweight title with a unanimous points victory over Namibia's Roberto Indongo.
In the middle of the Mourne Mountains in County Tyrone, one of the largest mountains in Northern Ireland, is a young man who has been working hard to improve his skills.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died in a fire in Peterhead.
Police are searching for a man they want to speak to in connection with an attempted abduction at a military base.
North Korea has successfully tested a long-range ballistic missile, South Korea's Yonhap news agency says.
Holyrood's budget committee has said it is "frustrated" by the complexity of the process.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched a new radio relay system.
Catalans Dragons beat Huddersfield Giants to reach the quarter-finals of the Super League.
Plans for more than 1,000 new homes in Salford have been delayed until the end of the year.
The new Virtus body armour has been criticised for being too heavy for men to carry.
League Two side Rangers have signed Leicester City striker Alex Gordon on a season-long loan deal.
A children's circus has said it will not be returning to the UK for the rest of the year after being subjected to "horrendous" abuse.
The organisers of a commemoration of the Bloody Bloody Sunday massacre in Derry have said they have "no intention" of staging a similar event.
Jersey footballer Paul Le Sain says he does not believe there are any openly gay players in the game.
Archaeologists from Bournemouth University have discovered the remains of a Roman-era village in Cumbria.
A charity which helps deaf and hard of hearing people find work has said it is "disappointed" it has not been given more help.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he will not sell any players until the end of the season.
The Scottish Greens have the potential to raise the top rate of income tax to £50,000 by 2020/21, according to a new analysis.
Japanese camera maker Kiku Kikukawa has pleaded guilty to accounting irregularities.
A court in Australia has rejected a bid by two Australian journalists to have their convictions overturned.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in east London.
Saracens scrum-half George Kruis has been ruled out of the rest of England's tour of South Africa.
A man from Burkina Faso has died in the capital, Ouagadougou, from a mosquito-borne disease.
Plans for a museum dedicated to the Battle of Naseby have been given the go ahead.
League Two side Forest Green Rovers have signed Greece international defender Nikos Bogalakis on a season-long loan deal.
Dozens of civilians have been killed in a US-led coalition air strike against Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Syria, activists say.
A Belfast woman has been honoured with a song of the year award by BBC Northern Ireland.
A hospital in Wrexham is looking to recruit more nurses to help ease the pressure on its emergency department.
A Palestinian man has been shot dead by a car in the occupied West Bank, the Israeli military says.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have vowed to fight each other in a rematch in Las Vegas.
David Cameron has been accused of breaking the law by refusing to reveal the details of his tax affairs.
A church has been lit for the first time since it was damaged by flooding.
Five Iranians have been charged in connection with a series of cyber attacks in Iran, the US has said.
League Two side Oxford United have signed Oxford United striker Jordan Roberts on loan until the end of the season.
Swansea University has unveiled plans for a new building in the city centre.
Employers in England and Wales have been given the go-ahead to start automatic enrolment into their pension pots.
A man who started a fire at a former theme park has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Fleetwood Town have signed striker Alex Burns on a season-long loan deal.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has announced the start of the torch relay from Rio de Janeiro to the Olympic Stadium.
Pakistan says it has condemned a US drone strike on a military base in the north-western province of Quetta.
A man who led the hunt for the Jack the Ripper has been named as a police officer.
Two nurses have been jailed for failing to check patients' blood glucose levels.
A judge in Brazil has lifted a ban on the construction of a huge hydroelectric dam in the north-east of the country.
The number of seagulls nesting in Norfolk has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to the RSPB.
A baby pine marten has been born in Caerphilly county.
A woman who was convicted of being a drug trafficker in Peru has arrived in Scotland.
A dog is to appear in a TV advert for a new type of pension scheme in England and Wales.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend has told a court he thought she was going to die.
The Royal Opera House has been evacuated after a fire alarm went off during a performance.
Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading doctors, has died at the age of 82.
Michael Foley was one of Ireland's best-known rugby players.
More than half of all homes in England have wi-fi, according to the internet regulator Ofcom.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell shot a four-under-par 65 to move into the lead at the halfway stage of the British Open.
A new type of plastic surgery has been developed in Swansea.
Palau is one of the world's most remote islands.
Napoli extended their lead at the top of Serie A to five points with a comfortable victory over 10-man Juventus.
Ronson, Mars and Bruno Mars have been given credit for a Blurred Lines song, the US record label has confirmed.
China's President Xi Jinping has said he will never close the door to the outside world.
A new Coca-Cola Christmas truck has been launched in Leicester.
A police force has been criticised for failing to investigate allegations of rape, a report has found.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar.
More than 1,000 Palestinians have been killed in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, official figures show.
Great Britain's men's badminton team reached the semi-finals of the Olympic Games for the first time.
NHS 24 has said it will delay the roll-out of its new phone system until the end of 2017.
A man and a woman have been found dead in a Birmingham street.
It's the final day of campaigning for the general election in Greater Manchester.
Wales' biggest water provider has announced plans to introduce a free water tariff.
Birmingham City defender David Garde has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Saracens have signed Saracens hooker Dave Pescki for the rest of the season.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Archbishop Martin McGuinness, has called for an inquiry into the burial of newborn babies.
A man has been found guilty of stealing more than £1m from the Hatton Garden jewellery vault, a court has heard.
More than 1,000 tonnes of fat has been dumped in London's sewers during the festive period, a charity has said.
Steam has announced plans to make it easier for developers to submit their work on the Steam platform.
A British-Iranian man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for spying for the Iranian government.
Comedian Michael Clifford has denied groping a woman at his London office.
One of the world's rarest birds has been discovered in the Himalayas.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have clashed in a sparring match in Las Vegas.
A man has been found guilty of assaulting a man at his home in East Lanarkshire.
Great Britain's Adam Lewis-Mansfield has withdrawn from the men's team for the World Para-cycling Championships in South Korea.
The deaths of two men at a paintball factory near the Ministry of Defence (MoD) have been described as "horrendous".
Visitors to a Grade II* listed Victorian building have been given the chance to visit the building for the first time.
Leigh Woodburn scored twice as Leeds United beat Leeds United to reach the EFL Cup semi-finals for the first time.
West Ham have signed a long-term lease to the Olympic Stadium in London.
The Prince of Wales has called for the freedom of religious minorities to be respected.
Schools in England could lose more than £1bn in funding under plans announced by Education Secretary Justine Morgan.
In his Budget speech, Chancellor George Osborne outlined his plans for the UK economy.
On the first day of the T20 Blast match between England and Jamaica, David Blatt was on the pitch.
Real Madrid kept alive their hopes of reaching the Champions League quarter-finals with victory over Real Sociedad.
Pakistan's parliament has passed a law that recognises Hindu marriages.
Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetrius Catraklis for an undisclosed fee.
Tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from a remote volcano in the Central American state of Veracruz.
A new "biological age" test could help predict the age of people, say researchers.
A woman who lost her hand in the Manchester Arena attack has said she was lucky to be alive.
Russia says it is "disappointed" that a Turkish air strike on rebel fighters in the Syrian town of al-Bab was not carried out properly.
Plans to merge two of the UK's largest hospitals have been put on hold.
Two boats have been rescued from a Dartford harbour.
An investigation is under way after a fire broke out at a house in Dumfries.
South West Trains has apologised for trespassing on a railway line.
Three former soldiers have been jailed for conspiring to smuggle firearms and drugs into the UK.
A man and a woman have been found guilty of witchcraft in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Small businesses are the most vulnerable to cyber attacks.
BHS has announced plans to cut the number of workers in its Hoover pension scheme in Wales.
A man has been found dead in a Dublin street.
A woman has died and a man has been injured in a crash involving two cars in Edinburgh.
In our series of letters from Irish journalists, Martin McGuinness looks at the future of the border between Northern Ireland and the European Union.
Welsh Secretary John Cairns has said the UK government will appeal against the UK's decision to leave the European Union.
Scientists have developed a new form of bone that can be used to replace broken bones.
Plans for a new pier at Cleckley Pier have been given the go-ahead.
When David Haynes first set up the London Stock Exchange in 1974, he had never heard of it before.
League Two side Crawley Town have signed striker Bob Thomson on a season-long loan deal.
Durham's men's 1500m race will be staged on the River Tyne for the first time.
Russia has sent warships to the English Channel in a bid to boost its military presence in Syria.
All images are copyrighted.
West Ham have signed Turkish striker Diafra Sakho from Turkish side Besiktas for an undisclosed fee.
Thieves have used a dumper truck to steal a cash machine from a bank.
Scotland have reached the semi-finals of the World Championship for the first time.
The family of a woman who died when her car crashed into a river in Fife have paid tribute to her.
World number one Henrik Stenson shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the US PGA Championship.
German investigators searching for the co-pilot of the Germanwings plane that crashed in the French Alps have found no bodies, officials say.
A South African pastor has been arrested after he appeared on a radio station in the capital, Pretoria.
Scarlets scrum-half Liam Williams has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a wrist injury.
Former Blackburn Rovers striker Jack Campbell has returned to the Premier League for the first time in almost a decade.
Police Scotland is to merge with the rest of the UK's police force, under a new law.
Northern Ireland's first minister, Villiers, has announced that the Northern Ireland Executive will be able to borrow more than £1m over the next three years.
Ross County have signed Ross County striker Jack O'Brien on loan until the end of the season.
Maria Sharapova has become the most famous tennis player in the world.
A care home where two boys were sexually abused has been closed to the public.
The Welsh Assembly should be renamed the National Assembly, AMs have said.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has described his first cabinet meeting as "a wonderful experience".
Plans for a £1.3bn arts hub in Carmarthenshire have been criticised by the Welsh Government.
A Cornish honey bee has been found to be resistant to a deadly disease.
Plans for a new mosque in Dudley have been given the go-ahead.
The wife of reality TV star Kim Kardashian West has been arrested in connection with an armed robbery in Paris.
When I first met Muhammad Ali, he was the most eloquent man I had ever met.
Sam Smith is one of the most successful rugby league players in the world.
A court in Australia has ordered the release of two Australian children who were abducted in Lebanon last year.
Scientists in Wales have developed a new way to identify cancer cells.
Harlequins have signed former Gloucestershire and Leicestershire scrum-half Alex Harris-Wright-Brown on a two-year deal.
A man has been jailed for eight years for causing the deaths of a man and his wife in a crash.
Unemployment in the UK rose to its highest level in more than a decade in July, according to a survey.
Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari has promised to restore the country's finances within the next three years.
Scarlets scrum-half James Davies has apologised for swearing during his side's defeat by Toulon.
A coroner's inquest into the death of author Joanna Bailey has heard that her body was found in a garage in Hertfordshire.
Olympic gold medallist Michael Daley says he is relishing the opportunity to compete at the Rio Olympics.
Plans to demolish a former dairy in County Armagh have been given the go-ahead.
David Bowie has died at the age of 90.
Malaysia's biggest palm oil producer, Olam, has been accused by a human rights group of illegally sourcing its products.
A Scottish Labour MP has been quoted in Chinese state media as saying that China has increased its investment in Tibet.
A mako shark has been found washed up on a beach in Bournemouth.
Scientists say they have found a new way to slow the rate of global warming.
The deadline to sign a new player has come and gone, but how do you deal with the pressure of the transfer window?
A council has been fined £10,000 after a landslip led to the evacuation of a block of flats.
Sergio Sanchez's first Arsenal goal of the season was enough to give Hull victory over Arsenal.
Facebook has removed more than 1,000 profiles of convicted child sex offenders from the site.
Aaron Ramsey's first Arsenal goal of the season earned the Gunners victory over Norwich at Carrow Road.
Derbyshire have appointed a new director of cricket as their new head coach.
England batsman Alastair Cook would be a better fit for the first Test against South Africa, says former England captain Steve Smith.
Six former HBOS chief executives are to be investigated by the Bank of England and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
A health worker has been suspended for six months after being found guilty of stealing the identity of a patient at a hospital.
The Philippine army says it has retaken control of the city of Marawi from Islamic militants.
Southern rail has been accused of using social media to promote its strike action.
Three teenagers have been charged with using laser pens to distract a pilot during a flight from Edinburgh to London.
A man who raped a 15-year-old girl has lost his appeal against his jail term.
Derbyshire have signed Derbyshire all-rounder Shiv Thakor and Nottinghamshire batsman Thakakor on two-year contracts.
Two Polish police officers have been sent to Essex to deal with a rise in anti-Polish sentiment.
As the UK votes to leave the European Union, Australia and the rest of the world are preparing to vote on whether to remain in the EU.
A sports club in Windsor has been told it cannot use a footpath as a training ground.
Pop star Taylor Swift has announced plans to perform at Wembley Stadium for the first time this year.
Leigh Eden scored a hat-trick as Castleford thrashed Castleford to move to within three points of Super League leaders Crusaders.
The number of discarded plastic bags in England has reached a record high, the government has said.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of the city of Manchester to protest against the killing of a black man.
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast's annual Pride parade.
The wife of Lebanese Prime Minister Haider al-Abidine Ben Ali has gone on trial accused of leaking information to the Lebanese media.
As Boris Johnson prepares to become the next prime minister of the UK, it is worth remembering that he is the most charismatic politician in the country.
Oscar Pistorius will be released from prison in August, his lawyer has said.
A man with Asperger's syndrome has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries.
A South Sudanese band has released a song calling for peace in the country.
Oscar-winning Brazilian director Bruno Babenco has died at the age of 83.
Scientists at the University of Zurich say they have developed a robot that can learn how to move.
Singer Ed Sheeran has donated more than £1,000 of his clothes to a charity.
A Tanzanian doctor has criticised the government's decision to ban gay people from using social media.
A 79-year-old man has died after falling into a lake in Edinburgh.
Joe Pearson's first-half strike earned Dagenham and Redbridge victory over Mansfield.
Five people have been arrested after a police investigation was launched into disorder at a football match.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his wife and setting fire to their home.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car in Sheffield.
Swansea City striker Jack Washington says it will be "a long time" before he is ready to return to Northern Ireland.
Thousands of tickets have been sold to celebrate the restoration of a medieval castle.
A British man has become the first man to compete at the World Para-athletics Championships in Finland.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has signed a landmark trade deal with world powers.
The Great Manchester Marathon will be held in Manchester on Sunday, the city's mayor has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man and a woman were killed in a crash.
Essex all-rounder Adam Harmer says he is ready to return to South Africa for the rest of the season.
Pupils should be given the chance to learn to read and write by the end of their sentences, the justice secretary has said.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff looks at the history of military dictatorships in Latin America.
A group of Dutch students are working together to create a bus that can run on formic acid.
A jockey who was found asleep in his car has been jailed for three years for drink-driving.
A former nightclub in Swansea is to be demolished as part of a major redevelopment of the city centre.
A dog that had its claws amputated has been rescued by the RSPCA.
A man has been shot dead in west Belfast.
Sale Sharks have signed hooker Vadim Ciobilas from French side Bordeaux for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee United have signed striker Jack Keatings on a season-long loan from Hamilton Academical.
UK house prices rose at their fastest pace in more than three years in July, according to official figures.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in Pakistan.
Chinese artificial intelligence firm Baidu has launched its first artificial intelligence (AI) virtual assistant.
HGV drivers have been caught on CCTV using their mobile phones while driving.
British number one Heather Edmund reached the second round of the French Open with a straight-set victory over France's Lucas Pouille.
Nigeria's former defence minister has appeared in court charged with fraud and money laundering.
A father and his two children have gone missing from their home in Sussex.
Christian Pulisic scored twice as Borussia Dortmund came from behind to beat Ingolstadt.
Voting is under way in the local elections in Cheshire.
Scotland are aiming to become the first team to reach the semi-finals of the World Hockey League for the first time.
Police are warning people not to take ecstasy because it contains a "superman" logo.
Nobel Prize-winning economist Peter Holmstrom has been named the winner of the Nobel Prize for economics.
Snow has fallen in parts of northern Italy after a powerful earthquake hit the region.
The world's largest pharmaceutical company, the US pharmaceutical giant, has launched a major human genome project.
Stranraer's Alloa Athletic stadium has been given a major revamp.
Leah has been visiting Wales for the first time.
Two men have been taken to hospital following a disturbance at a nightclub in Londonderry.
Bottles of Scotch whisky have been sold at auction in the Isle of Man for £1m.
A sculpture depicting a woman in a bikini has been criticised for being "sexually offensive".
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
The governing body of British motor racing has said it will no longer be bidding for a takeover of the Northamptonshire circuit.
Two World War Two gliders have been honoured by a Gloucestershire museum for their role in the Horseshoe landings.
Australia's biggest steelmaker, Rio Tinto, has increased its offer for a stake in Riversdale.
The president of the Central African Republic, Pierre Nkurunziza, has called for calm in the capital, Brazzaville.
Leinster fly-half Niall Morris has signed a new three-year deal with the Premiership club.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a pick-up truck has been named by police.
A six-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia has been diagnosed with the disease.
Samsung has bought car parts maker Harman Harman for an undisclosed sum.
The FA Cup quarter-finals, FA Cup third qualifying round and FA Cup fourth qualifying round are all live on BBC One.
Peterborough United have signed striker Luke Lloyd on a season-long loan deal.
Plans for a redevelopment of a former Cornish football stadium have been given the go-ahead.
A 19-year-old Indian man has been charged with the murder of a man and a woman in the US state of Kansas.
The family of Keith Nolan have paid tribute to the comedian at his funeral.
Shane Marshall scored a hat-trick as Sale beat Gloucester to move up to third in the Premiership table.
Google has been ordered to hand over online reviews of a children's nursery to a Dutch court.
West Bromwich Albion have been drawn in the first round of the FA Cup for the first time in their history.
The US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning religious groups from the US government.
A mother and her three-year-old daughter have said they have been subjected to racist abuse online.
A man has been found guilty of assaulting a man at a holiday park.
Brad Ridgewell scored twice as Portland Timbers won the MLS Cup for the third time in a row.
The mother and daughter of victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been honoured with a lifetime achievement award.
South Korea and the United States have agreed to co-operate with the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
A man armed with a baseball bat has opened fire at a journalist in the Turkish capital, Ankara.
A Carmarthenshire court has been sold for £1m.
Aung San Suu Kyi has been honoured by the organisers of the Brighton Festival.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will leave the Royal Air Force at the end of the year.
The US Senate has voted to ratify a landmark international treaty that protects the rights of disabled people.
UKIP's chief legal officer has said the Supreme Court's ruling on the UK's right to leave the European Union is "not intended to stop Brexit".
More than 1,000 Kenyan children have taken part in a national reading challenge.
Rory Pedrosa became the first British rider to win the MotoGP title with victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Rowling has said she is "disappointed" to have been criticised for her support for the Scottish independence referendum.
Police in Iran say they are investigating the death of blogger Sattar Beheshti.
A World War Two airfield has been listed as a national heritage site.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder following a series of shootings in Northern Ireland.
The number of criminal trials in Scotland's high courts has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Two of Scotland's most famous horses, Lewis and Lewis, have been trained by police.
A man has been arrested in connection with a robbery at a convenience store in Northumberland.
Ed Sheeran has been nominated for this year's MTV Europe Music Awards in Glasgow.
At least 20 people have been killed in shelling by pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine, officials say.
The trial of a 19-year-old Irish man who was held hostage in a mosque in Egypt last year has been postponed.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has written to First Minister Arlene Foster urging her to investigate the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
The University of Ulster (UU) has warned that the UK's exit from the European Union could lead to the loss of EU research funding.
Hull City have signed Uruguay international striker Abel Hernandez for an undisclosed fee.
London's iconic landmark, Big Ben, has been chosen as the city's official city of the year.
A baby wombat has been born at a wildlife reserve in Australia.
England head coach Steve McNamara says he is ready to take over as head coach after his side beat New Zealand in the World Cup semi-final.
A rapist who raped a woman in Melbourne has been found guilty of a string of sexual assaults.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are to attend a private service to mark the 90th anniversary of the death of Princess Diana.
The UK's biggest chipmaker, ARM Holdings, has been sold to Japanese firm Softbank for £1.5bn (Â£1.2bn).
Singer Ray has been named on the BBC's Sound of the Year list for the first time.
A Canadian animal sanctuary has been charged with animal cruelty.
Hibernian Ladies have reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Women's Hockey League.
Mae'r Cymru wedi cael ei gael yn ôl ei ddydd yn cael o'r gael ei bod yn ei'r yn yn mewn yng Nghymru.
The chief executive of a Turkish holiday tourism company has said he is "devastated" by the recent terror attacks in Turkey.
The co-owner of a cruise ship that capsized off the coast of Tuscany has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she does not want another independence referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
Police in Lebanon say they have seized more than 1,000 pills of an anti-government drug, the National Liberation Army (NLA) says.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman has pleaded not to be extradited to the US.
Archaeologists in Scotland say they have found ancient tools dating back to the Bronze Age.
Manchester City have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association (FA) following their defeat by Chelsea at Etihad Stadium.
Scientists say they have found a new type of dinosaur.
Former England and Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson has pleaded not guilty to a string of sex offences dating back to 2013.
One of the UK's biggest rail companies, FirstGroup, has said it will continue to operate trains between London Waterloo and London Waterloo.
One of the world's oldest dinosaurs, Savannasaurus, has been discovered in Australia.
A lorry has crashed into a tree in North Yorkshire.
The chief executive of one of the world's biggest banks has told the BBC he wants the UK to stay in the European Union.
Police in Indian-administered Kashmir say they have arrested a man in connection with protests at a Hindu temple in the city.
A Scottish Conservative MP has lost a legal challenge to a law banning him from making false statements during the general election campaign.
Graffiti on a block of flats in Hull has been criticised by a deaf and visually impaired man.
Lewis Hamilton says he is ready to challenge for the Formula 1 title again this year.
The latest version of Grand Theft Auto has been delayed until the end of the year.
Championship side Rotherham United have signed striker Alex Roth and midfielder Jack Rummell on two-year deals.
Gay people in Northern Ireland are being urged not to take part in so-called "gay conversion therapy".
A man in California has told the BBC he was threatened with death by a prankster who tried to smuggle heroin into his home.
The chief medical officer of a health trust has said he is "deeply sorry" for failings at some of its hospitals.
The UK's exports of salmon have reached a record high, according to the Federation of British Fishes (FDF).
Olympic gold medallist Jade Grainger says she has been inspired to become a black belt in karate.
Tens of thousands of whales have been rescued from a lake in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
A man accused of stabbing his ex-partner to death has told a court he did not intend to kill her.
League Two side Gillingham have signed striker Alex Emmanuel-Thomas on loan until the end of the season.
The Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme has come under fire in Northern Ireland.
World number one Tyrrell Hatton has become the first British golfer to earn more than £1m on the European Tour.
England captain Michael Vaughan says the first Test against Pakistan was the best of his career.
Kenny Hamill has signed a new two-year contract with Kilmarnock.
Olympic downhill champion Lindsey Vonn has become the first woman to win all four of her World Cup races.
Turkey should be allowed to join the European Union, Foreign Secretary Michael Gove has said.
It's been a busy week in the West Midlands.
Volkswagen has confirmed that more than 1,000 of its diesel cars have been affected by the emissions scandal in Europe.
Voters in Nigeria have begun voting in the first round of the country's presidential election.
Hibernian have been given a three-match ban by the European Football Association (Uefa).
Northern Ireland's A&E department is struggling to cope with the rising number of patients needing urgent care.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has been shortlisted for the Scottish Professional Footballer of the Year award.
It was the first time a woman was ordained a bishop in the Church of Wales.
Paralympic paramilitaries who were injured during the Troubles should be entitled to a pension, the Northern Ireland Assembly has said.
A man has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in a series of hate crimes against Jews in the US.
League Two side Norwich City have signed former Netherlands defender Paul van Dijkks on a deal until the end of the season.
The Duke of Cambridge has said he will continue to work on Anglesey until the end of the year.
Scott Dobbie scored twice as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
A man who died after being restrained by police has been named by an inquest into his death.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a father and son at their Washington DC home.
Malaysia has banned the release of the new Disney film Beauty and the Beast.
A body has been recovered from a beach in Caerphilly county.
Australian Attorney General Peter Dutton has accused the media of "misleading" allegations of sexual abuse at a detention centre on the island of Manus.
Mexican prosecutors have filed criminal charges against the head of a children's nursery that was badly damaged in a fire last year.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a 14-year-old girl in West Yorkshire.
For many travellers, finding a good hotel can be a challenge.
Spain captain Juan Manuel Casillas has been named in Spain's squad for Euro 2016.
British author Anil Kapoor has been shortlisted for this year's Booker Prize.
The annual Tomato Festival has been held in the Greek town of Tenerife for more than 20 years.
A huge mako shark has been caught in a fishing boat off the coast of Anglesey.
A gorilla has been caught on camera playing with a toy for the first time.
When I first arrived in Ghent, I had no idea what security was like.
The number of nurses and midwives working in Scotland is at an all-time high, according to a union.
A recording of the 1966 World Cup anthem has been released.
Millions of printers have been hacked by a hacker who used a software tool to hijack them.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with attempted murder after a man was punched in the face in Aberdeen.
Macclesfield extended their lead at the top of the National League to seven points with victory over Wrexham.
Former Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has called on the broadcasters to delay the start of the general election debates.
The final phase of the demolition of the so-called Jungle camp in Calais has been completed.
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in as the country's new president.
Gianfranco Zola scored twice as Barnsley came from behind to beat Birmingham City.
Students at the University of Oxford are being asked to use data analytics to help improve their academic performance.
Birmingham City's Women's Super League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Nottingham Forest.
The number of people arrested for illegally entering the US has more than doubled in the past year, official figures show.
Australia batsman James Gayle has said he will meet the BBL's chief executive to discuss his recent comments.
A French man has been arrested in Italy after drugs worth more than €1m (£1m) were found in his luggage.
Nato-backed Afghan special forces have agreed to withdraw from Wardak province in the western province of Helmand.
Universities in Wales need to "reflect" on the impact of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the education minister has said.
India is one of the world's largest exporters of milk.
A music festival in Dumfries and Galloway has been cancelled due to a lack of ticket sales.
Olympic champion Oracle Team New Zealand beat the New Zealand Kiwis to win the Oracle Cup for the second year in a row.
Swansea City boss Manuel Pellegrini is the best manager in the world, according to the club's assistant manager.
England's Laura Matthew and Laura Perry won their first British Open titles with victories in the semi-finals of the Women's World Championship in Sheffield.
Two former employees of a Derry-based construction firm have begun a legal action against the government.
A hospital in Inverness has reopened following an outbreak of norovirus.
Hundreds of children have been reunited with their families as part of a project to raise awareness of homelessness in England.
Three men have been charged with causing the death of a teenage girl by dangerous driving.
A cargo ship has collided with a cargo ship in the English Channel.
A man has been jailed for two years after a cat was defecated in his kitchen.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Calais to protest against the closure of the Channel Tunnel.
Team Sky is being investigated by the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukraina).
A man has been found guilty of stealing Marmalade from a cat in Surrey.
Oscar-winning footballer David Beckham's use of the word "hobbit" has been linked to a rise in his speech, a study suggests.
Former Stade Francais and Racing 92 players have said they are "very excited" about the proposed merger of the two clubs.
The Unicode Consortium (Unicode) has approved the introduction of a new set of emojis.
(Close): London's leading shares rose after the Scottish independence referendum result was announced.
More needs to be done to tackle bullying in schools in Scotland, a group of MSPs has said.
A Scottish council has said it has been alerted to a scam in which a Scottish Gaelic message was written in Spanish.
League Two side Rochdale have re-signed midfielder Ryan Dale on a season-long loan deal.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a car they were travelling in collided with a lorry.
A bid for a new home for Coventry Blues has been approved by the city council.
Glamorgan director of cricket Paul Morris says he is looking to add more fast bowlers to his squad for the 2017 season.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Sam Youngs says he has no regrets about missing out on a place in the British and Irish Lions squad.
Wales suffered their first defeat of the Six Nations as they were beaten by Australia at Twickenham.
The prime minister has said she will not commit to a target of net migration to the UK by 2020.
Rangers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to five points with victory over Hearts at Ibrox.
David Cameron has called for a "new settlement" between England, Wales and Northern Ireland following the West Lothian referendum.
A new blood test could help diagnose people with Alzheimer's disease, say researchers.
The world's biggest cruise ship, the Ferris Wheel, has just opened its doors to the world.
Championship side Reading have re-signed striker Alex Robson-Kanu and striker James Ferdinand on loan until the end of the season.
A campaign group has called for the Jolly Fisherman mascot to be removed from the seaside resort of Skegness.
French actor Nicolas Depardieu has returned to Russia after more than a year in exile.
England's Laura Noppert and Laura Waite have reached the semi-finals of the Women's British Open.
Swansea City's search for a new manager has been put on hold after the club failed to find a suitable candidate.
Dundee United have appointed former Dundee United manager Paul McCann as their new manager.
A former World War II concentration camp has been listed as one of the "most vulnerable" sites in the UK.
A chronology of key events:
A Scottish Conservative MP has been accused of failing to register as a referee.
The world's largest cormorant, the Cargill, has finally arrived at a Scottish garden.
The number of transgender children referred to schools in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has won a second term in office, the country's constitutional court has ruled.
Blackburn Rovers have signed former Wolves defender Richard White on a season-long loan deal.
The Tour de France has been abandoned after a peloton of riders broke through a safety barrier.
Seismic waves have broken out at a football game in the US state of Washington, officials say.
It's been a year since the world governing body, Fifa, announced it was suspending its sponsorship of football.
Wales have been accused of breaching the Rugby Football Union's code of conduct at the Six Nations.
A married couple were punched in the face during a fight at a wedding, a court has heard.
Mark Cavendish became the first British rider to win a World Superbike race in the same year.
Nato says it has carried out a successful raid on a Taliban hideout in the northern Afghan province of Helmand.
Indonesia is one of the world's largest economies, with more than 1,000 million people living in the country.
Sainsbury's has reported a sharp drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
A new genetic test has been developed to diagnose heart disease in the UK, the BBC has learned.
Hampshire reached the quarter-finals of the T20 Blast after beating Glamorgan by eight wickets.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead.
The Sri Lankan government has released new photographs of a young Tamil Tiger boy shot dead during a military operation in 2009.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Monchengladbach to reach the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a mother and her daughter.
It is one of the best-loved sports films of all time.
A Staffordshire hospital has been upgraded to "outstanding" from "inadequate".
India's Tata Steel plant in London is one of the world's largest steelworks.
Deportivo La Coruna manager Juan Carlos Sanchez has left the club.
Bill Cosby, the comedian accused of sexually assaulting women in the 1970s and 1980s, has withdrawn his honorary degree from a US university.
Serena Wozniacki beat Heather Watson in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Canadian Open.
A man has died after a lorry crashed into a house in North Ayrshire.
Three teenagers have been jailed for six months for disorder in a Ceredigion town.
Triple Crown winner Frankie Dettori won the Ribchester Stakes for the first time in his career with a comfortable victory in the Champion Hurdle at York.
India's government has proposed a new law that would make it easier for people to access geospatial data without a licence.
Rory McIlroy shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the Dubai Desert Classic.
The National Portrait Gallery is trying to save a painting of a slave from slavery.
An inquiry into allegations of historical child sexual abuse by Lord Janner has been postponed.
Voting is under way in local elections across England and Wales.
Palestinians in the occupied West Bank have condemned Israel's decision to remove security guards from the holy site of the Temple Mount.
A six-year-old girl whose head was shaved off has been found safe and well, police say.
Three feet found in a Somerset park have been identified as human remains, police have said.
A new high-speed dual carriageway has been approved by the government.
Radon levels in homes in the Channel Islands have been found to be above the action level for lung cancer.
Derbyshire Council has announced plans to close the city's main library.
England captain Alastair Cook hit his first first-class century of the season on day two against Essex at Headingley.
Two of South Yorkshire's largest police forces have announced plans to merge.
A man who died after being hit by a lorry on a dual carriageway has been named by an inquest.
Linfield beat La Fiorita to reach the second round of the Europa League.
The environment secretary has said he will scrap plans for marine protected areas in Wales.
Northern Ireland international Paddy Taylor has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton.
A police officer has told a court that the DNA of two men accused of murdering a journalist in Glasgow has been matched.
One of Scotland's biggest music festivals has opened in Dumfries.
The number of nuns in the UK has reached a record high, according to the Church of England.
Wolves striker Karim Zyanga has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The husband and wife of a BBC journalist who has been detained in Iran for more than a year have said they will appeal against her conviction.
Bradford reached the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Chesham.
A man who was found guilty of murdering a woman more than 30 years ago could have been jailed for life, a coroner has said.
A Pembrokeshire police officer shot a man with a Taser as he struggled to calm down, an inquest has heard.
Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Carlos Almagro has called on President Nicolas Maduro to resign.
Plans to close a fire station in Berkshire have been given the go-ahead.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at the latest developments in the legal battle over the UK's exit from the EU.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a 15-year-old girl who died after taking ecstasy.
A five-year-old Australian boy has won $1m (Â£1m) in a New Zealand lottery jackpot.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed Nottingham Forest striker Alex Davies on a season-long loan deal.
Noble, the world's biggest oil and gas trader, has warned that the price of crude oil has fallen to a record low.
The police chief of South Africa's capital, Pretoria, has suspended a detective accused of shooting Oscar Pistorius.
The leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), Kirsty Williams, has been elected to the assembly for the first time.
The UK's defence spending should be "equal footing" with other countries, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said.
Fifteen people have been arrested in Iran in connection with a crackdown on online modelling, officials say.
Laura Armitstead won stage four of the Women's Tour 2016 as Marianne Vos retained her overall lead.
A woman's body has been found at a house in Greater Manchester.
A dog that was seized by police in Devon and Cornwall last year has been reunited with its owner.
Chinese actress Ye Yeoh has been named best actress at the Hong Kong International Film Festival.
Paralympic champion Emma Pooley has signed a new three-year deal with British Cycling to compete in the Rio Olympics.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a dog owner who was attacked by a dog.
A British backpacker who was detained on a London Underground train has said he was "disappointed" to be asked to remove a wire from his bag.
Members of the Jewish community living in Portugal have been given the right to apply for citizenship under a new law.
The Duchess of Cambridge has visited schools in Scotland for the first time.
Portsmouth suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by League Two play-off hopefuls Portsmouth.
The number of murders in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to new figures.
Super League sides Hull FC and Wakefield Trinity will play in the first round of the 2017-18 season.
The average cost of food and drink in Northern Ireland is at its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a new report.
Lewis Hamilton set a new Formula 1 world championship record with victory in the Italian Grand Prix.
Paralympic runner Michael Whitehead has released photographs of his marathon training for the London 2012 Olympics.
Prime Minister David Cameron has called for a "more adult" approach to Prime Minister's Questions.
More than 100 crocodiles have been rescued from a crocodile farm in the southern South African province of Limpopo.
Donald Trump has said he will sue the Scottish government over plans to build an offshore wind farm in Aberdeen.
Plans to create a lay-by in Conwy have been approved by councillors.
Ulster Bank has apologised to customers affected by a computer fault.
A man wanted in connection with the Berlin terror attack has been arrested in Italy.
Cardiff City manager Paul Slade says reaching the FA Cup semi-finals would be a "dream come true".
The artistic director of an arts centre in Inverness has been axed.
The European Union has set up a fund to help African countries deal with the migrant crisis.
The UK needs more renewable energy to meet its long-term energy goals, according to a new report.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the NHS in England.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car in Leicestershire.
London Irish suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by the Exiles at Twickenham.
A signed contract signed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney has sold for more than £1m at auction in London.
Tens of thousands of Israelis have taken to the streets of Tel Aviv to protest against the Israeli military's bombardment of Gaza.
The family of a Canadian boy who was forced to sit in the back of a plane for more than two hours have filed a lawsuit against United Airlines.
Northern Irish pupils are more satisfied with their lives than any other part of the world, according to a study.
The number of planes taking off and landing at Heathrow Airport has reached a record high.
Reddit has removed a secret canary from its website.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Kenya's army has released CCTV footage showing suspected militants looting a shopping centre in the capital, Nairobi.
More than 1,000 tonnes of rubbish has been dumped on beaches in a bid to clean up after heavy rain.
A patient at a Carmarthenshire nursing home has died.
Stephen Fry has described how he helped a woman who was having a baby in a London alleyway.
A doctor accused of carrying out a series of attacks on patients has told a court he was trying to scare them into believing he had cancer.
The American Antarctic Survey (AAS) is on the way to the North Pole.
Google has reported better-than-expected pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
Maria Sengeng finished third in the opening race of the Cheltenham Festival at Royal Ascot.
Gateshead extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to five points with victory over Gateshead.
The Philippines has said it is "disappointed" that a court in China has ruled that it does not recognise its claim to the South China Sea.
A Glasgow-based man who has been studying paralysed faces for more than a decade says he has discovered a new way to deal with the problem.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in a Glasgow street.
Leyton Orient have been bought by a group of investors for an undisclosed sum.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she is ready to call an early general election.
Hundreds of people are expected to return to a former Oxfordshire council building after it was badly damaged in a fire.
The number of private ambulances responding to emergency calls in England and Wales has reached a record high, figures show.
Burton Albion continued their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Burnley.
England all-rounder Danielle Hazell has been left out of the Women's World Twenty20 squad for India.
New Ipswich Town manager Paul Taylor says it is "not a pleasant place" for players to clean their boots.
Police have released images of two men they want to trace in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl.
League Two side Gateshead have signed defender James Atkinson on a season-long loan deal.
US President-elect Donald Trump has called on the US intelligence community to investigate allegations of Russian meddling in the US election.
Portuguese shares have fallen more than 5% after the country's two main parties agreed to form a coalition government.
Pyeongchang's Chloe Potter says she is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Three men have been found guilty of carrying out an armed robbery at a flat in Edinburgh.
League Two side Colchester United have signed defender Alex Reid on a season-long loan deal.
"I want to be a coach."
Children living in poverty are more likely to be victims of violence, according to a new study.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend.
Jason Williams is a jousting enthusiast, but his passion for the game is more than just a hobby.
An outbreak of an E. coli infection in French sprouts has been linked to a German company, the BBC has learned.
Plans for a new fertility clinic in Hartlepool have been given the go-ahead.
A lorry driver has died after a crash on the M38 in Birmingham.
A former footballer accused of having sex with a teenage girl has told a court she has no recollection of the relationship.
Young people living in the most disadvantaged areas of England are losing out on more than half of their homes, a report says.
Israel's prime minister has accused Iran of carrying out a ballistic missile test in defiance of international sanctions.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect delays on the East Coast Main Line because of delays.
Anthony Selby will defend his IBF super-middleweight title against Anthony Norman in Cardiff on Saturday.
Glasgow have reached the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup for the first time.
Match reports from the Scottish Premiership, Scottish Premiership and Scottish Championship.
Blackburn Rovers extended their lead at the top of the League Two table to five points with victory over fellow strugglers Rochdale.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at some of the most important sites in Wales.
There are five pledges on the campaign trail for the general election.
Great Britain won four medals at the Para-athletics World Championships in Rio.
The chief constable of Greater Manchester is to lead a review into the handling of child sex abuse allegations.
The winner of this year's Man Booker Prize has been announced.
The head of a Glasgow cathedral has defended his decision to allow a Muslim cleric to read the Koran.
A Norwegian man who was jailed for life for his role in the Anders Behring Breivik murders has written to the Norwegian prison where he is being held.
England's Phil Mickelson shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the PGA Championship at Royal Troon.
Labour's manifesto has been leaked for the first time in more than a year.
A drug used to treat Alzheimer's disease has been shown to slow the progression of the disease, a study suggests.
Justice Minister John Larkin should not be allowed to represent Northern Ireland in the courts, Sinn Féin MLA Jim McCann has said.
A former Olympic gold medallist who stalked a schoolgirl has been jailed for three years.
Atletico Madrid extended their lead at the top of La Liga to seven points with victory over Barcelona.
A new offshore wind farm in Fife has been given the go-ahead by the Scottish government.
A man has been found guilty of the murder of a woman in a remote Finnish village.
A Swansea man has been honoured for his contribution to radio astronomy.
Gwynedd photographer David Jenkinson has revealed how he has been diagnosed with a rare form of visual impairment.
The Wood Trust has said it is concerned about the future of trees in England.
More than 100 Afghan police officers have been freed from a Taliban siege at a military base, officials say.
Wales' traditional harp music is celebrating its 100th anniversary.
The quality of care for critically ill patients in Wales has improved, according to a report by the Welsh government.
Former Cardiff City boss Tony Pulis has been appointed as the new manager of the Premier League club.
Dozens of Yazidis have been freed by Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq, the UN says.
Three teenagers have been arrested in Spain after a flash mob erupted in a town in the north-eastern region of Catalonia.
The World Cup final between West Germany and Germany will be remembered as one of the greatest matches of all time.
A powerful earthquake has struck Nepal's capital, Kathmandu.
The chief executive of one of Wales' largest health boards has been suspended following a series of leaked emails.
The Knights of Malta have taken to the streets of Rome to celebrate the 100th anniversary of their founding.
Actress Gretchen Carr, best known for playing Gretchen in The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 83.
A man from Kosovo has been sentenced to life in prison for hacking into the computers of US military personnel.
The Formula 1 season has come to an end, but how do you predict the final three races of the season?
The chief constable of Surrey's child protection unit has called for the resignation of Theresa Owens.
A brain tumour has been found at a hospital in Cumbria.
Former world number one Andy Murray has been made a knight in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Wales scrum-half Conor North says he is determined to score more tries in Saturday's Six Nations match against Italy.
A French woman kidnapped in Yemen last year has been freed after more than a year in captivity.
A second strike by Caledonian MacBrayne ferry workers has been called off.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side have a "perfect chance" of reaching the World Twenty20 semi-finals.
Tens of thousands of people have been displaced by floods in southern Thailand, officials say.
German police have arrested four men suspected of trying to join so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria.
Norwich City defender Ryan Lafferty has been charged with betting on football matches.
A man has been charged with dangerous driving after two teenage girls were killed in a car crash.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences on a flight from London to Istanbul.
Blackburn Rovers chairman Paul Oyston has been cleared of threatening to shoot the club's owner.
If you want to make a difference in the war in Syria, you have to be willing to do it.
A luxury hotel in Aberdeen has been put up for sale.
Britain's Anthony Joshua will defend his IBF world heavyweight title against Alexander Kovalev in Germany on Saturday.
Plans to cut the number of lawyers offering legal aid in England and Wales have been criticised by a leading barrister.
One of the last surviving members of Adolf Hitler's inner circle has told the BBC that he felt "like a boss".
Ulster maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Ospreys.
A safety notice has been issued following a fire at a coal mine in north-west England.
A lorry driver accused of sexually abusing a child has told a court he did not want to go to police.
Glamorgan will take on Glamorgan in the first one-day international of the 2017 T20 Blast.
The US and Mexico are set to meet to discuss the impact of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Police are searching for a man they want to speak to in connection with a knife attack at a football match.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in a canal.
At the end of the first day of fighting in the eastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol, there was a quiet silence.
Cardiff Devils head coach Mark Kelman says he is "disappointed" the club's decision to cancel their Challenge Cup semi-final against Sheffield Steelers.
Singer Paul Collins has been ruled out of two of his UK tour dates because of a ruptured appendix.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was attacked in Birmingham.
The World Snooker Championship has been scrapped after a vote of no confidence in its governing body.
Olympic champion Jessica Dujujard will compete in the opening round of the World Championships in London.
Shutterfly has won the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham for trainer Paul Dettori.
For more than a year, the families of missing Mexican students have been trying to find their loved ones.
The director of the National Theatre has said there is a "huge gap" between the number of people with disabilities and those with disabilities.
Michael Dunlop set a new world record in the Superbike class at the Isle of Man TT.
In the middle of a field of sheep, a farmer is trying to track down a herd of stolen sheep.
One of London's most famous restaurants, Henry's, has closed.
A gang of drug dealers has been jailed for more than a year after being caught up in a drugs bust in Cardiff.
A woman who died after being hit by a motorbike has been named by police.
Junior doctors have voted in favour of a new contract with the government.
A kennel in Devon has been criticised for failing to properly care for dangerous dogs.
Volkswagen has been ordered to halt production at two of its German plants, Braunschweig, until further notice.
The Liberal Democrats will offer free bus tickets to every two-year-old in England and Wales, Nick Clegg has said.
Former West Indies batsman AB de Villiers scored his first Test century as Pakistan beat West Indies by eight wickets in Dubai.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) has been introduced in the European Union.
Hospitals across the UK are preparing for a special turkey dinner on Christmas Day.
Mercedes' Max Verstappen set the pace in the first practice session of the Hungarian Grand Prix.
The family of a British journalist who died at a Turkish airport say they believe she was killed by a suicide bomber.
England women's captain Emily Taylor has been ruled out of the rest of the Women's Six Nations because of a shoulder injury.
A former BBC presenter has told a court he was a "stalker" for years after being accused of sexually abusing boys.
Britain's Chris Froome and Alberto Contador have won the first stage of the Tour de France.
Substitute Alex Cardio scored twice as Falkirk came from behind to beat Dunfermline Athletic.
More than 135,000 people have signed up to vote in the referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
The Totten glacier in the north-western Antarctic is likely to lose ice by the end of the century, according to a new study.
In 1972, the White House was gripped by the Watergate scandal.
A worker who was exposed to radioactive material while working on a pipework platform has said he fears for his health.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer in Essex.
A boat carrying migrants has capsized off the coast of Libya, the Italian coastguard says.
The parents of Annalisa, who was shot dead in South Africa last year, have said they are "devastated" by the death of their daughter.
England ended Sri Lanka's three-match one-day series with a five-wicket victory at Edgbaston.
If you live in a town in Nottinghamshire, you might have heard of it.
AFC Wimbledon chairman Paul Robinson has been banned from all football matches after being racially abused during a match at MK Dons.
Belfast Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Partick Thistle and reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Championship.
Scotland scrum-half Alex Jones has signed a new three-year deal with South Africa.
The Queen has thanked the public for sending her birthday greetings.
A woman from Hull has been consecrated as the Church of England's first female bishop.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Jake Ball has improved, says director of cricket Steve Read.
The wife of the Prince of Sealand has died at the age of 90.
A German-language orchestra has won a legal battle with a German-based group over its use of its name.
The government is to introduce a multiplication check for all primary school pupils, Education Secretary Simon Gibb has said.
US President Barack Obama has called for an independent investigation into the bombing of a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kunduz.
Stranraer have signed former Crusaders and Crusaders midfielder Paul McChrystal on a two-year deal.
In the middle of a forest in the Amazon rainforest in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro, a young man named Dedel, is playing with a piece of wood.
Ulster Rugby has apologised for refusing to wear a poppy during their game against Newport Gwent Dragons on Sunday.
Grimsby Town have signed striker Alex Johnson on a season-long loan deal.
One of the world's most popular video games has been found online.
The Scottish Parliament has voted in favour of a new law allowing same-sex couples to marry.
Tens of thousands of TalkTalk customers have been tricked into paying up to £120,000 in bogus phone calls, a BBC investigation has found.
A mental health trust has been rated "inadequate" by a watchdog.
The Scottish government should do more to tackle the "long-term" decline in Scotland's economy, the economy minister has said.
A woman with ovarian cancer has been given the chance to have her ovaries re-grown.
A man who spent more than 20 years on death row in the US state of Pennsylvania has spoken of his "desperation" for being sent to prison.
British number one Laura Bedene has reached the second round of the French Open for the first time.
The House of Commons is in the midst of a major debate about the UK's relationship with the EU.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said the number of police officers in the country is at an all-time high.
Swansea City have appointed former Leeds United and Leeds United midfielder Paul Curtis as their new manager.
Liverpool striker Lucas Vazquez has been named the Premier League's player of the season for the first time.
Children with type-1 diabetes in Scotland are being offered a new treatment to prevent the disease.
A man has been charged with murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Nottingham.
Flipkart, India's biggest online retailer, has announced plans to expand its presence in the country.
The government has said it will appeal against the Supreme Court ruling that it cannot trigger Article 50 of the UK's EU membership.
Police in Greece say they are investigating claims that a member of the far-right Syriza party was attacked during a party meeting.
Troubled fund management firm Alliance Trust has announced plans to cut the size of its board.
China could be the first country in the world to be exposed to arsenic, according to a study.
Britain's Chris Froome says he has no intention of quitting Team Sky.
A Labour councillor has called for a "legal" budget to be set out by Liverpool City Council.
A post-graduate school has announced it will close at the end of the year.
England head coach Eddie Hartley says he has no regrets about his decision to join the British and Irish Lions.
Researchers in the US say they have discovered a new way to repair damaged heart tissue.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says he will discuss Peter Whittingham's future with the club before the end of the season.
The Boston Proms is one of the world's most prestigious music festivals.
Former US President Barack Obama is to leave Ireland for the last time, his son has said.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has thanked fans for sending him a "thank you" emoji.
A trial of a new treatment for ovarian cancer has been launched in Northern Ireland.
Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan says he will not resign if his side fail to reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
Archaeologists say they have found the earliest evidence of human occupation of the Americas.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce has been named in his side's squad for their League Two play-off semi-final against Gloucestershire.
The United Nations says it is concerned about the impact of President Donald Trump's plan to cut funding for peacekeeping.
Police searching for a man who died after being hit by a car in East Lothian have made a fresh appeal for information.
Children in Finland are more likely to be able to drive than the rest of the world, a study suggests.
Four police officers have been charged with misconduct following the arrest of a man who was restrained in a toilet.
Partick Thistle came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Firhill.
More than £12,000 of unpaid maintenance for children in England and Wales has not been paid, the government has said.
Russell Brand has been criticised for sharing his personal information with a journalist.
The Israeli election campaign is over.
At the start of the season, Aberdeen's debts totalling £9.4m were being written off by the Scottish Football Association.
A Chinese court has upheld the conviction of a prominent human rights activist for leaking confidential documents.
Plans to reduce the number of patients admitted to mental health units in Cornwall have been approved by the government.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he wants to change the way the club is run.
The number of discarded rubbish on beaches in England has more than doubled in the past five years, a charity has said.
League Two side Pompey have signed defender Alex Mough on a season-long loan deal.
James Graham has announced he is to write a new play about the aftermath of the EU referendum.
Celebrity Big Brother has fallen to its lowest ever ratings, according to figures released by the BBC.
A wildlife charity has filed a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England and Wales.
Voters in England and Wales have voted to leave the European Union, the BBC has learned.
BHP Billiton has reached a settlement with Brazilian authorities over the collapse of the Rio de Janeiro dam.
Boeing has announced plans to reduce the size of its baggage bins on its planes.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Cape Town.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences, the Metropolitan Police has said.
Liam Latham hit his first first-class century of the season as Durham beat Middlesex by eight wickets at Durham.
Preston North End have signed former Portsmouth midfielder Paul Pritchard on loan until the end of the season.
The pound has risen to a new all-time high against the dollar.
Two police officers have been ordered to give anonymity to an inquest into the death of a man shot dead by loyalist paramilitaries.
An inquest into the death of a 12-year-old girl who choked on her school lunch has been opened.
A record number of Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales, new figures show.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his third Wimbledon title.
A woman who confronted her ex-partner over his drug addiction has been given a suspended prison sentence.
Shrewsbury Town striker Victor Ogogo has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Team Sky's Matteo Trentin won stage five of the Vuelta a Espana as Chris Froome retained his overall lead.
World number one Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the final round of the Australian Open.
A sinkhole has opened up in a block of flats, the National Trust for Historic Preservation (NHS) has said.
England batsman Michael Swann says his side's preparations for the three-match one-day series against India will be "like a day spa".
Hundreds of Careers Wales staff are to lose their jobs, the Unite union has said.
Great Britain's Laura Evans and Justin Francois won gold medals at the European Para-athletics Championships in Budapest.
Napoli have signed Colombia international Juan Cuadrado on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The chancellor George Osborne has outlined his spending plans for the next three years.
Benedict Cumberbatch has praised James Bond's performance in the latest Bond film.
Nottinghamshire bowled Essex out for 287 on day one of the One-Day Cup final in Essex.
When a gunman opened fire at a mosque in Quebec's capital, Montreal, last year, it was the first such attack in the province's history.
ITV has suspended production of soap soap Coronation Street as part of a pay dispute.
Glamorgan head coach Paul Mott says he is ready to start the 2017-18 season with a "good start".
Former Health Secretary Nick Clegg has said the number of prisoners in England and Wales should be reduced.
A woman has been found guilty of sexually abusing children.
The world's oceans are at risk of irreversible climate change, according to a new report.
George Osborne has said that he wants to cut the deficit by £1.5bn over the next five years.
Workers at Tata Steel's Shotton steel plant in Newport are being told they could lose their jobs.
Human remains have been found in a shallow grave in the Australian state of Queensland.
Sunderland manager Tony Houston says he has no concerns about a potential move for striker Luke Houston.
Peter Daniels, one of the UK's best-known illusionists, has died at the age of 90.
The biggest rail operator in the UK has paid out more than £1m in compensation for rail passengers who complained about delays.
Police are searching for two men they want to speak to in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed to death.
One of Australia's most senior politicians has announced he is to leave the Australian parliament.
A Brechinshire council has voted to ban smokers from having a smoke break.
One of the victims of the Manchester Arena attack has said she thought she was going to die.
England's women suffered a humiliating defeat in the first one-day international against Australia in Melbourne.
The family of a student who died after being poisoned with cyanide in Indonesia say they are "devastated" by her death.
Former Forest Green Rovers midfielder James McFadden says the signing of former Nottingham Forest striker Alex Burke will be a "crucial" step forward for Scotland.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a flat.
Sri Lankan police are investigating a Buddhist monk's suicide attempt in the capital, Colombo.
Japanese nuclear giant Hitachi has signed a deal to build two new nuclear power plants in Gloucestershire.
The Scottish Labour leader has called for a "new generation of talent" to lead the party.
Jurassic World has topped the US box office for the second year in a row.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia on suspicion of trafficking cocaine worth more than $1m (Â£1m) into the country.
Lionel Messi scored twice as Barcelona came from behind to beat Sevilla in La Liga.
Items worth more than £20,000 have been stolen from a property in Lockerbie.
It was one of the most memorable Oscar ceremonies of the year.
The UK would be able to trade with the rest of the world under the terms of the World Trade Organization (WTO).
Action Man, one of the UK's most popular toys, has died at the age of 90.
A giant "Tudor" has been installed on the University of Bristol's campus.
Scientists say they have discovered a way to control the flow of liquid through glass.
Roger Federer beat world number one Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to win the French Open for the first time.
A number of roads in Scotland have been closed due to snow.
Blackpool were held to a goalless draw by Wycombe in the National League.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot at a house in County Londonderry.
Two two-year-old girls have been caught up in a car crash in the US state of Florida.
A man has been taken to hospital after suffering a serious head injury in Edinburgh.
A World War Two pilot who died in a plane crash in Northern Ireland has been named.
The US Supreme Court's most senior justice, Justice Antonin Scalia, has said he will not be taking legal action against the US government.
A gay rights group has filed a legal challenge to California's ban on same-sex marriage.
Scotland's finance secretary has said he will publish a draft budget before the Autumn Statement, despite opposition from MSPs.
Former England batsman Dougie Brown has resigned as Warwickshire director of cricket.
The gravy gravy that is served in a pub has been described as "fairy-tale" by a food expert.
Police investigating the murder of a former member of the Provisional IRA have made a fresh appeal for information.
Former EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is to return to the soap for the first time since he was diagnosed with terminal cancer.
Police officers are being sued by victims of car thefts in Northern Ireland.
A woman from Dumfries and Galloway has been given a suspended sentence after biting a mailman.
When Rotherham United were relegated from the League One play-off semi-finals last season, it was meant to be a home for the Millers.
A minute's silence has been held in Paris to mark the 130th anniversary of the Paris attacks.
The Scottish Conservative MP who lost his seat in the Holyrood by-election has resigned.
A train has collided with a lorry in the Belgian city of Brussels.
If you want to see some of the most famous landmarks in the world, we've got you covered in virtual reality.
An Australian golfer has been bitten by a crocodile while playing at a private golf course.
Plans to rename Columbus Day and Columbus Day have been approved by the city's mayor.
Investment in commercial property in Scotland has fallen sharply in the last three months, according to a survey.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused Theresa May of using Baldrick the Baldrick in her Brexit speech.
A sequel to Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has been announced.
A former co-founder of the Silk Road online marketplace has been sentenced to life in prison.
A fox has been rescued from a Scottish animal sanctuary after being mistaken for a puppy.
Ivan Yafai retained his WBA super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over fellow Briton Daniel Murai.
Italian playwright Dario Fo has died at the age of 83.
A Cornish newspaper has criticised the government for not allowing its journalists to film Prime Minister David Cameron's visit to Cornwall.
The bodies of a woman and her sister have been found at a flat in Glasgow.
The majority of Rangers fans have voted in favour of the takeover of the club, according to chairman Derek King.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Sunderland.
When she first started working in Doctor Who, she had no idea she would end up in a relationship.
Racism at football matches in Wales has increased in recent years, a BBC Wales investigation has found.
A former head teacher has been charged with indecent images of children at a primary school.
Vietnam has accused China of "increasingly militarising" disputed islands in the South China Sea.
Thousands of people have marched through Singapore's capital, Kuala Lumpur, to protest against a ban on gay marriage.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing the UK economy this year.
More than 7,412 insects have been recorded visiting gardens in urban areas, a study suggests.
A man and a woman have been arrested after a three-year-old girl was bitten by a dog during a parade in West Yorkshire.
A boat carrying more than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims has been rescued from the sea off the Indonesian island of Aceh.
A West Midlands rail company has been banned from operating for the rest of the year.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key issues facing Whitehall.
Kia is the best-selling car in the world, according to a new report.
One of the most wanted children in the world, Safid, is trying to make his way to the UK.
Sinn Féin leader Jim Nesbitt has said he is confident his party will win the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
The number of hate crimes reported to police in Canada has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Marcelo Bianchi, the former Ferrari driver who died in a crash at the Belgian Grand Prix, has been named by Formula 1's governing body.
Four candidates have been elected to the London mayoral election.
Northern Ireland's transport minister, Michael Walsh, has said he would like the government to give more money to Northern Ireland's airlines.
A woman has died following a crash involving a car and a lorry on the M4 in Glasgow.
Researchers at the University of Hertfordshire say they have found a way to predict the outcome of two types of bone marrow cancer.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a lorry on a dual carriageway in central London.
A US Supreme Court judge has ruled that US women's football players have a right to strike over pay.
The zoo at the centre of a row over the release of a rhino has agreed to allow the animal to be flown to the UK.
Former Northern Ireland radio presenter Gerry Anderson has been named the BBC Radio Personality of the Year.
Microsoft has confirmed that it will launch a virtual reality version of its Xbox One console next year.
A social media company has been ordered to remove a profile of a former child sex offender from its website.
Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Berry has said she is proud to be a black woman at the Academy Awards.
BBC Newsnight's Jeremy Vine has been on a mission to the French port of Calais.
A panel of experts has been appointed to investigate the ongoing dispute at De La Salle College in Belfast.
Former Strictly Come Dancing champion Aljazani has announced her retirement from the show.
UK Secretary of State William Hague has called for a "strong sense of partnership" between Iraq and the Kurdistan region.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has signed a new four-year contract with the club.
Iceland's parliament has passed a bill which aims to make it easier for women to earn more than men.
Nigeria's government has been accused of misleading the public about the fate of more than 1,000 schoolgirls abducted by Islamist militants last year.
A trolley has broken the world record for the fastest trolley.
A man who applied for the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme has lost his bid to have his details published.
Mobile phone roaming charges in the UK will be scrapped if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
A woman has been raped at the Thames Regatta in Oxfordshire.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Crewe Alexandra defender Alex Jaakainen on loan until the end of the season.
Bilkis Bano, one of India's most famous women, has finally been cleared of rape and murder.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he was "disappointed" by his side's poor start to the Premier League season.
Sir Elton John has said he does not believe HIV is a serious problem in Northern Ireland.
More than 1,000 British citizens living abroad are being asked to register to vote in the EU referendum.
Championship side Preston North End have agreed a new deal with midfielder Bailey Wright.
Taiwan's military says it is investigating reports that it has built a new air defence system on two disputed islands in the South China Sea.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has urged the world to "fight for our own destiny" in the wake of Donald Trump's election as US president.
Women's rights campaigner Michelle Obama has said she would like to see more paid menstrual leave for women.
Businesses in the UK will have to pay up to £5,000 a year to cover the cost of apprenticeships, the chancellor has announced.
Two Conservative MPs have been ordered to pay £10,000 to a woman who said she was sexually abused in Rochdale.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has called for an end to protests against his victory in the presidential election.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out on a beach in Devon.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the challenges faced by people with disabilities.
Greek Prime Minister Antonis Papademos has been injured in a bomb attack in Athens, officials say.
A PSNI officer has said he is "devastated" by the recent spate of attacks on police officers in the Republic of Ireland.
Flashfire won the Champion Hurdle at Royal Ascot for the second year running in a row.
The family of a man shot dead by a police officer in Louisiana say they are "devastated" to have seen a video of the shooting.
A team of scientists in the UK are using a GPS tracker to track the movements of slugs.
Denmark Women reached the semi-finals of the Women's European Championship for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Austria in Vienna.
The remains of a young girl have been found in a cave in northern Mexico.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of leaking classified information to the Russian government.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side are in a "critical position" despite their relegation from the Premier League.
The OPCW has begun analysing samples of victims of the alleged chemical attack in Syria.
Paralympic blind woman Lyn Oliver has been fitted with new glasses that allow her to see more of the world.
A US-Iranian journalist has been sentenced to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government.
A pair of seagulls have been spotted nesting in a quarry on the Isle of Wight.
Sea otters have been found to be responsible for the decline of seagrass in California, a study suggests.
A terminally-ill man has launched a legal challenge to the law that allows assisted dying in England and Wales.
A man who tried to smuggle drugs worth more than £20,000 into Northern Ireland has been jailed.
Human remains have been found at a Roman Catholic orphanage in County Galway, the Irish justice minister has said.
When Raith Rovers reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup, it was a moment of euphoria.
Physical education should be made part of primary school curriculum in Wales, a group of academics has said.
The parents of Charlie Gard have appealed to the High Court to intervene in his life-threatening condition.
Schools in England are failing to teach outdoor learning, according to a new study.
Leicestershire have appointed Peter Chapple as their new head coach, replacing Peter Moores.
England batsman Alex Hales has donated £10,000 to a charity that helps young people with learning disabilities.
A memorial to a 17-year-old boy who died after falling into a river has been unveiled.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 have come to an end.
The father of a woman who died in a gang-rape in India has called for her name to be revealed.
The US has decriminalised the possession and sale of marijuana, but the country's approach to drug trafficking has been criticised by the International Criminal Court.
The RSPB's first reserve in the UK has been closed after heavy rain caused flooding.
Police are appealing for help to stop the spread of rhododendrons in the Highlands.
A former Royal Marine has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Coffee chain Brains has announced plans to open a new coffee shop in Cardiff.
Manchester City have signed Brazil defender Otamendi for an undisclosed fee.
A man has admitted punching a fellow scooter rider in the face during a caravan ride.
In our series of letters from Northern Ireland journalists, we take a look at some of the key stories from the week ahead.
The price of oil has fallen to a new all-time low, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA).
Wales manager Chris Coleman has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract that will keep him at the club until 2022.
Millions of people in the UK are living in poverty, according to a new report.
League Two side Derby County have signed former Nottingham Forest defender Jack White on loan until the end of the season.
Black Panther star Lupita Nyong'o has confirmed he will play the role of Black Panther in the upcoming film.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Kilmarnock.
Four men have been charged with conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the Republic of Ireland.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a pensioner in Glasgow.
A soldier who took part in a heatstroke training exercise in Solihull has told an inquest he did not think it would be possible to stop.
Samer Aamer, the former Guantanamo Bay detainee, has returned to the UK.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side's Europa League defeat by Malmo was a "mistake".
(Close): The FTSE 100 has fallen more than 5% after it reported a drop in first-half profits.
US rock band U2 have confirmed the death of guitarist Dennis Sheehan at a concert in Los Angeles.
Steven Shankland's second-half equaliser earned Livingston a point at home to League Two side Livland.
Former Northern Ireland striker Paul McCourt has said he had no idea he had a brain tumour.
Activity in the UK's services sector slowed to a three-month low in May, according to a closely-watched survey.
Three former Rabobank traders have been charged with rigging Libor interest rates.
Chelsea Ladies reached the semi-finals of the Women's Champions League with a 2-1 victory over Glasgow City Ladies.
Burkina Faso's Football Federation (Fufuf) has said it will pay coach Slavisa Sredojevic more than half of his salary.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said the party needs to do more to transform the UK's economy.
US President-elect Donald Trump has met Taiwan's first female leader for the first time.
Students at Harvard University are calling for the university's name to be changed to "master".
Portugal reached the quarter-finals of the World Cup with a 2-1 victory over hosts Cameroon in Rio de Janeiro.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo say they have broken up a drug-trafficking operation that has left more than 20,000 drug addicts homeless.
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness is to visit France to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says winning the Premier League title would be a "huge achievement" for the club.
Jockey Thistle has died after suffering a haemorrhage at the Cheltenham Festival.
It's almost time for the January transfer window to close.
A government plan to cut the number of reservists in the Army has been criticised by the Ministry of Defence.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho says his side are not the best team in the world.
Former Italy boss Carlo Ancelotti has resigned as manager of Russia.
Malta has been accused of illegally hunting birds during the spring season, a wildlife expert has said.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car in West Midlands.
One of Scotland's largest music companies has said it could be forced to close its factory in Coatbridge.
Marko Evans' second-half equaliser helped Stoke beat West Brom to move to within three points of the Premier League leaders.
Plans to make Oxford's Queen Street bus station more pedestrian-friendly have been given the go-ahead.
McDonald's has said it will take legal action against franchising franchise owners.
Former Aston Villa midfielder Paul Cowan has left the club.
In the wake of the London terror attacks, Tony Blair announced that the government was ready to tackle the threat of terrorism.
Swansea City remain bottom of the Premier League after being held to a draw by Crystal Palace.
The owners of Bradford Bulls have said they will continue to hold talks with the club until the end of the season.
Human remains found at the home of Louise Tiffney in Perthshire have been identified as those of her father.
England's Scott Jamieson and Norway's Bjork Bjork are joint joint leaders after the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
The US withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal is a huge blow for Asia and the rest of the world.
A woman from Birmingham has become the first woman to win a cake competition in the UK.
The European Union and Turkey have agreed a deal to resettle more than 1,000 Syrian refugees in Turkey.
The Department of Justice has paid compensation to former pupils who were victims of sectarian violence at a school in Northern Ireland.
A new edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf has been published in Germany.
A new school has been officially opened after a water main burst.
Mae'r Caerphilly wedi cael ei gael yn ôl wedi gael ei ddydd yn cael yn ei'r wedi'r yn yn mewn â'r cyhoeddi.
Championship club Corinthians have rejected a bid from Manchester City for striker Carlos Tevez.
It has been a year since the death of a French singer who was accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend.
Mae'r Tour de France yn ddyddbwyntiau ar S4C wedi cael eiliad yn â'r Eidal/QuickStep.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry have launched a murder investigation.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 70th anniversary of the Japanese naval attack on Pearl Harbor.
The governing body of the Tour de France says it will investigate allegations of racial abuse at the start of the race.
Thousands of students in England and Wales are being tricked into buying fake medicines, the government has warned.
The European Union has agreed to send more than 1,000 troops to the Central African Republic (CAR).
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United striker Alex Clarkson on a season-long loan deal.
Atletico Madrid maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Atletico Madrid.
The Wales women's hockey team have arrived in France for their Euro 2016 warm-up match.
Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester United will be streamed live on social media.
Egyptians have voted overwhelmingly in favour of a new constitution.
A plane has crashed in the Yangtze river in Myanmar, killing all 224 people on board.
A man has been found guilty of selling counterfeit medicines in the UK.
In the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the Belfast Telegraph takes a look at some of the headlines in the papers.
It's the time of year when people celebrate the start of the new year.
Three people have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car.
Two lion cubs have been playing with a strange object at a safari park in Mexico.
One of Scotland's most famous battlefields is to be added to the National Heritage List.
Derry City manager Jim Barton says he is "disappointed" by the reaction to his side's 1-1 draw with Derry City.
Flood warnings have been issued for parts of the UK following heavy rain across the weekend.
Snoop Dogg has been accused of shooting President Donald Trump in the head in a parody video.
The world's first floating floating offshore wind farm has been built in Norway for the first time.
World number one Dustin Johnson says his swing is in "good shape" after a three-under-par 65 at the North Carolina Open.
The final edition of the US daily newspaper, Newsweek, has been published online.
The Russian rouble has fallen to a record low against the dollar in the first half of the year, the country's central bank says.
The Home Secretary Theresa May has called for tougher sentences for criminals who kill police officers.
The final days of campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union are set to be dominated by the campaign to remain in the EU.
A man has been found guilty of assaulting a staff member at a Glasgow post office.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder in Falkirk.
Championship side FC Teesside have signed Nigeria Under-20 international midfielder Emmanuel Omeruo on a season-long loan.
Two of the UK's largest warships are to be withdrawn from service, Defence Secretary James Fox has said.
The Brexit vote will have a "horrible impact" on the UK economy, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
Blackburn Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jack Mason and Aston Villa defender Jack Houghton on loan until the end of the season.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will "fight for the common good" of the British economy in a speech to the Confederation of British Industry.
The former chief constable of the Garda Síochána, Paul Callahan, has been found guilty of misconduct in public office.
The number of people detained at Brook House detention centre in London has increased, a report has found.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says his side are capable of reaching the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time.
It was the first day of the Scottish Open at Royal Troon.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says he will appeal against the Football Association's decision that he was sent off in the 1-1 draw with West Ham at Stamford Bridge.
A man has been seriously injured after he was hit by a car on the M4.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says the club needs to cut their squad size in order to avoid relegation from League One.
Children's video game Minecraft has been released in the UK for the first time.
A man has been found guilty of beating his ex-partner to death and stealing his car.
A study by consultancy PwC has found that students who come to Scotland from other countries earn more than £1m a year.
Derry City were held to a goalless draw by Harps in their first Premier Division game of the season.
The number of primary school places in England will rise by more than 20% in the next five years, according to a new report.
A new dual carriageway linking Cardiff and Cardiff has been officially opened.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of Cairo to protest against President Hosni Mubarak's government.
Actress Vicky McClure has spoken of her surprise when she was told she had been named Vicky on a tram.
Tributes have been paid to Lily Allen, who has been accused of stalking and stalking her for more than two years.
The chief executive of West Sussex's fire service has written to the government asking it to co-operate with the fire service.
A Dumfries and Galloway-based firm is to receive £1m from the Scottish government to invest in a new factory.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked at a Glasgow nightclub.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Serbian FA and Uefa over alleged racist abuse during the Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia.
Oscar-winning actor Johnny Depp has filed a lawsuit against a company that owns his home in Los Angeles.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as director of cricket for the Indian Premier League (IPL).
One of Wales' most senior clergymen has said he does not support the introduction of organ donation laws.
Welsh Labour and Scottish MPs should be allowed to vote on devolved issues, First Minister Carwyn Jones has said.
League Two side Bristol Rovers have signed goalkeeper Keith Walker on a season-long loan deal.
Steven Quigley's second-half equaliser earned Livingston victory over Livingston in the Scottish Premiership.
Surrey's council tax will rise by 15% next year, the government has said.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has pledged to lift a ban on foreign banks operating in the country.
Dagenham & Redbridge have been relegated from the League Two play-offs for the first time in their history.
The number of people in the European Union has risen to its highest level in more than a decade, official figures show.
A Russian warship has carried out a secret surveillance mission in the Mediterranean, the Russian navy has said.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Derek McInnes says he is not interested in the job.
Coventry has been named as the best city in the UK for curry.
Drag Drag Me Down has topped the UK singles chart for the first time.
The Turkish-Syrian border has been closed for the first time since the start of the Syrian civil war.
Mexico's Interior Secretary, Fernando Blake Mora, has died in a helicopter crash.
Voting has started in Kenya's capital, Nairobi.
Linfield and Linfield have agreed a date to play each other in the Champions League quarter-finals.
The runway at London's Heathrow Airport is to be closed for the rest of the year as part of a major refurbishment.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the leg.
Barbara Beckford, who founded Bristol's St Paul's Carnival, has died at the age of 83.
Derby County have signed former Hull City defender Matt Davies on a two-year deal.
It's been a year since the start of the Harry Potter craze.
Former world number one Andy Wallace has been cleared of harassing his ex-girlfriend.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Exeter Chiefs full-back Nic White on a two-year deal.
Burundi is one of the world's poorest countries.
The chief executive of a mental health unit in north Wales has said he wants to meet the families of patients at the centre of the scandal.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan should not be allowed to continue as manager, according to Motherwell boss Derek McInnes.
Passengers on Merseyside's Southern rail network have begun a 24-hour strike, the RMT union has said.
Afghan singer Sayeed Sayeed has cancelled a concert in the capital, Kabul, because of security fears.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was stopped by a police car on the M4.
The London 2012 Cultural Olympiad has contributed to a record number of people visiting the UK, according to a new report.
Swansea City midfielder Jack Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Richie Raggett scored twice as Doncaster Rovers extended their lead at the top of League Two to five points with victory over Tranmere Rovers.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Friday, with Wal-Mart leading the way.
More than 1,000 potholes have been repaired in Northumberland, the county council has said.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in Essex.
Police in Italy say they have arrested a man they want to question in connection with a shooting at a beach.
It's been a busy week for the hair industry in China, with the launch of a new campaign to encourage women to shave their armpits.
A former Wales rugby player has said he will not attempt to climb Mount Everest.
Tens of thousands of people have marched through Egypt's capital, Cairo, to protest against the government's ownership of the islands.
Shares in Sports Direct have fallen more than 10% after the firm warned that the value of the pound could hit its profits.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has taken to the track to test his car for the first time.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been appointed as a commentator on the US presidential inauguration.
The number of patients waiting longer to have heart surgery in Wales is at an all-time low, a leading body of doctors has said.
A Muslim cleric has been accused of sexually abusing girls at a mosque in Cardiff.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the second round of the Australian Open with a straight-set win over Romania's Maria Sakkari.
China's Zheng He, one of the world's most famous seafarers, has been hailed as a national hero.
Wales scrum-half Oliver Griffiths could join the British and Irish Lions at the end of the season, says head coach Warren Gatland.
The British Grand Prix will not be held at Silverstone in 2019, the F1 governing body has said.
A collection of books by Charles Dickens has been bought by a London museum.
Egypt's Supreme Court has ruled that the country's parliament should form a constituent assembly.
Football's governing body has approved a new law banning the use of "no words" in the game.
Nottinghamshire's bowlers have set a new world record for the most wickets in a season.
The US is being investigated by the European Commission over alleged tax avoidance by Apple.
Great Britain's women's hockey team have been named in the squad for the Rio Olympics.
More than £1m has been pledged to improve the lives of people living in towns and cities across Wales.
MPs have launched a new website to allow people to submit online petitions to Parliament.
The Nobel Prize for physiology or medicine has been awarded to Dr Richard Venter for his pioneering work on the human genome.
Patients at a Cornwall hospital have been told to wait up to three hours to see a doctor because of a "black alert".
Great Britain beat Japan to reach the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
The British election will be a referendum on whether or not the UK should leave the European Union.
A man and his wife have appeared in court accused of raping and sexually assaulting a woman at a County Tyrone prison.
The Scottish government has announced a £1m fund to help people who have lost their jobs in the North Sea.
Plans for a new cycle park in Pembrokeshire have been given the go-ahead.
A man has been arrested in connection with a robbery at a supermarket in East Lothian.
Celtic Energy's chief executive has said he is "very happy" to be able to resume restoration work at two former coal mines in Powys.
Mae Cymru wedi cael ei cael yn ôl ei bod yn ddydd yn cael ar â'r yn yn mewn ei gael ei ddyd.
Manchester United came from behind to beat Manchester United and move to within three points of the Premier League leaders.
It's been a year since the first episode of Skins was broadcast on BBC One.
The chief constable of Police Scotland has defended the use of firearms in the past.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we take a look at what is happening in the world of finance.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with rape after a girl was allegedly raped in a park.
Edinburgh's Edinburgh International Film Festival has announced the opening of a new film by Robert Carlyle.
A female osprey has laid her first egg at a Scottish wildlife reserve.
The UK should remain in the European Union, the country's prime minister has said.
Oil giant BP has warned that the world's energy consumption is at an all-time low.
A coroner's inquiry into the handling of infant ashes in Shropshire has called for a national standard.
England scrum-half Sam Tuilagi could be fit for the World Cup in June, says head coach Stuart Cockerill.
A far-right candidate in Moldova's presidential election has been elected.
Carlisle United manager Paul Curle says he wants to remain at the club beyond the end of the season.
Gwynwyn councillors have voted to change the name of a seaside village in Gwynedd.
A British backpacker who went missing in Thailand has been found safe and well, her family has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving following a crash on a dual carriageway.
Welsh Labour leader Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "toxic rhetoric" over immigration.
The chief executive of the University of Northern Ireland has said he is "very concerned" about the future of the institution.
Dog walkers in a Gloucestershire town have been banned from carrying dogs.
An inquiry into allegations of child sexual abuse at Kincora, County Antrim, has been set up.
Three British tourists who went missing in Nepal last week have been found safe and well.
Wales' women's hockey team have been promoted to the European Championship for the first time, says head coach Paul Clements.
Martin MacNiallais scored twice as Donegal beat Fermanagh 3-1 to reach the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
Derby County manager Slavisa Jokanovic says he has no plans to sell Fulham striker Lucas Martin.
In a remote part of the Democratic Republic of Congo, the government is trying to stop the illegal mining of gold.
Chancellor George Osborne has said he will not make a budget surplus target of £1.5bn by the end of the year.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter is due to be sworn in on Friday.
Three men have been jailed for beating a Polish man to death in a "horrific" attack.
Salford Red Devils will face Huddersfield Giants in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
A record number of taxi and private hire car licences have been granted in Scotland, new figures show.
Comedian John Cleese has said he is "devastated" by the reaction to his new stage show, The Alimony.
Nottingham Forest have agreed a deal to sign former Manchester United defender David Machedached for an undisclosed fee.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Asia correspondent, I've been trying to find out what it is like to be a human trafficker.
A Scottish photographer has captured a spectacular display of the Northern Lights in Scrabble.
A police community support officer has been found guilty of stealing more than Â£13,000 from passengers at London's Heathrow Airport.
Thousands of runners have taken part in a marathon in Hong Kong.
One of the UK's largest packaging companies has announced it is to close its Pontypridd distribution centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at how digital education is changing the lives of children in Africa.
A woman who stole more than £20,000 from her mother's bank account has been jailed for three years.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday, boosted by strong economic data.
In our series of letters from the BBC, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt looks at how many nurses are working in the NHS in England.
Hundreds of people in Londonderry have spoken of their shock at the closure of a department store in Foyle.
Mobile phone firm Three has launched a new free mobile phone service in the UK.
Thai police are continuing to search for two men suspected of murdering a British woman in a bikinis in Thailand.
Former Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said he will not run for the Conservative leadership of the UK.
Zambia is one of the poorest countries in the world.
The family of a 17-year-old man who was stabbed to death in west London have paid tribute to him.
Jack Thirlwell has been working in chocolate for more than 20 years.
The body of Osama Bin Laden, who was shot dead in Afghanistan in 2011, has been laid to rest at sea.
(Close): Mining shares led the FTSE 100 higher, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
A County Londonderry farmer has appeared in court charged with tax evasion.
Small businesses in the UK will be able to benefit from a reduction in corporation tax, the chancellor has announced.
Cardiff Blues scrum-half Rhys Cuthbert could miss Wales' Six Nations opener against Scarlets on Saturday.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Forensic analysis has been carried out on the remains of a teenage girl whose body was found in a canal.
Bristol Rovers have signed midfielder Jack McGinty on a season-long loan deal.
Great Britain's Adam Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a training accident.
Palestinian protesters have clashed with Israeli security forces in the occupied West Bank.
Mobile phone giant Priceline has filed a lawsuit in Italy against the country's tax authorities over tax evasion.
Taxi-hailing app Uber has been criticised by London's transport regulator.
Britain's Chris Evans became the first man to win the Tour de France with victory in the final stage.
Fifteen children have been detained by the Nigerian army in northern Borno state, the UN says.
Great Britain's Hannah Murray has qualified for the semi-finals of the European Championships after winning bronze in the women's 10m platform.
South Korean carmaker Hyundai has said it will pay up to $1m (Â£1m) to customers affected by the government shutdown.
A photographer has criticised Taylor Swift's decision not to use her music for free.
A father who spent more than £1,000 on legal fees for taking his son on holiday has set up a crowdfunding page.
A judge in the US state of Virginia has refused to allow gay couples to apply for same-sex marriage.
Ukraine is one of the world's most successful countries.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been suspended by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland (PFNI).
The number of school patrollers in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to new figures.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index has fallen to a record low for the first time in more than two years.
Transport for London (TfL) has announced a 20% cut in its fares.
Scottish Labour leader Alex Salmond has said he does not support the idea of a currency independence referendum.
One of the world's rarest opals has gone on display for the first time.
It's been a year since the discovery of the remains of a French prisoner of war in Kent.
Schools across the UK have taken part in News Day for the first time this year.
The head of the UK's armed forces has said he is "very concerned" about the use of the Trident nuclear deterrent.
Edward Enninful has been appointed as the new editor of British fashion magazine Victoria Derbyshire.
One of Thailand's best-known restaurants, Jay Fai, has launched a new e-Delicious dish.
Smacking children should be banned in the UK, according to a new study.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Alex Paver says he has had a "fightback" from the club's director of rugby.
Newcastle maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Aston Villa.
Swansea City manager Mark Warburton has said he is "very interested" in succeeding Roy Hodgson as manager.
The mother of a transgender woman who died at a mental health unit has said she wrote a letter saying she was "going to die".
Thailand has been upgraded to the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO).
The new Ghostbusters movie has received mixed reviews from critics.
A woman who died after being hit by a car in Edinburgh has been named by police.
Housebuy-to-let landlords in England and Wales will have to pay a new stamp duty surcharge for the first time, the government has announced.
A fire has broken out on the M74 motorway in Dumfries and Galloway.
A £1m grant has been given to a nature reserve to create a "world-renowned" dinosaur attraction.
The Isle of Man's Sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant has been criticised for its safety.
Bournemouth boosted their Premier League survival hopes with a comfortable victory over Stoke at Vicarage Road.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by his father has called for his case to be investigated by police.
Brentford fans have been invited to watch their side's League One game against Burnley on Saturday.
The French ambassador to India has been arrested in the Indian city of Bangalore on suspicion of rape.
Laura Trott won gold in the women's individual sprint and team sprint at the British Track Cycling Championships in London.
A man has appeared in court accused of trying to kill a police officer in the Republic of Ireland.
US air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants have been carried out in Syria, the Pentagon says.
A man who used a laser pen to shoot a helicopter into the sky has been jailed for five years.
Chinese factories have reported better-than-expected exports in the first three months of the year.
LeBron James became the NBA's all-time leading scorer as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Atlanta Hawks to become the first team to do so.
A man has gone on trial accused of raping two girls at his home.
The life of Czech Resistance leader Heinrich Heydrich has been told in a new film.
A chronology of key events:
Australia's men's and women's 100m freestyle swimmers have admitted taking a prescription painkiller.
The funeral has taken place for the creator of Manchester soap Coronation Street.
Fiji is one of the world's smallest countries, with a population of about 1.5 million.
The Scottish government has apologised for the "cackling and cackling" of a Chinese investment deal.
A Pembrokeshire peregrine falcon has been found dead in a quarry.
Scottish Prime Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited the European Economic Area (EFTA).
Eleven hunger strikers have been detained in a Russian city for failing to register to vote in the local elections.
Somerset took control of the second day of the first one-day international against Hampshire at Headingley.
South Africa's parliament has voted to make Christmas Day a public holiday.
Two men have been arrested after a Christmas angel was stolen from a church in Glasgow.
Nigeria's ruling party has lost all five of its governorships in the north-eastern states of the country.
Everton have announced plans to build a new stadium in Liverpool.
Carlos Tevez has signed a new three-year contract with Chinese club Shanghai SIPG.
A court has been given the go-ahead to allow a convicted rapist to wear full-face clothing in public.
The Glasgow School of Art (GSA) has raised more than £1m to help fund a fundraising appeal for the building's restoration.
Carlos Bono's first Wolves goal of the season gave Wolves victory over Middlesbrough at Bramall Lane.
Bristol head coach Mark Robinson has been sacked following a poor start to the season.
Mae'r bechgyn yn cael yn drechu unrhyw dîm ar y diwrnod yn gêm ei fynd yn hunain achlysur.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at the challenges facing cloud computing.
A decade ago, Iceland was one of the world's largest economies.
The Duke of Cambridge has visited Anglesey for the first time.
Three Mexican journalists have been shot dead in the capital, Ciudad Acapulco.
Chinese restaurant chain Yum Brands has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
Northern Ireland has been chosen as the host city for the 2017 Commonwealth Youth Games.
The US House of Representatives has voted to repeal President Donald Trump's signature healthcare law.
George and Amal Clooney have given birth to their first babies.
A London-based insurance firm has been accused of failing to pay compensation to victims of the Iraq suicide bombing.
HMP Bristol has made "significant progress" in tackling violence at the prison, a report has found.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art has filed a lawsuit against the city over its refusal to charge full-price admission fees.
Hillary Clinton has accused Bernie Sanders of being a "progressive" candidate.
Partick Thistle have signed former Inverness Caledonian Thistle defender Scott Ross on a two-year deal.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he has no problem with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Swansea City midfielder Alfie Mawson is capable of becoming a top-flight player, according to manager Paul Clement.
Plans to build a quarry on a former woodland in Maidstone have been criticised by a conservation group.
Boggy snorkelling is to be held in Powys for the first time this year.
Former NFL star Johnny Manziel has been charged with assaulting a woman in Texas.
Scotland's first minister has said there is "no chance" of a second independence referendum this year.
A former police officer has told the inquests how he tried to change his statement about the Hillsborough disaster.
The chairman of Avon Fire and Rescue has called for an independent inquiry into claims of "serious failings" by the authority.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Friday, following a week of volatility in China.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg set the pace in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix.
Work to repair the Firth of Forth Bridge has been completed, the transport minister has said.
A hospital in Southend has been fined £10,000 for overspending.
Two packets of cigarettes have been found on a motorway in Dorset.
Comedian Toksvig has said she would like to see more female hosts on BBC One's Question Time.
A Scottish businessman who died in a helicopter crash on the island of Bergen has been named.
The number of people living in Borders towns has improved, according to new figures.
Victims of domestic violence in England and Wales are being urged to take part in a new programme to tackle the problem.
Ospreys scrum-half Keelan Amos has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Wladimir Klitschko has more power than Anthony Joshua, according to former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury.
Blackpool Supporters' Trust has been ordered to pay £10,000 to two men accused of defaming the club.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a car he was travelling in crashed.
Derry's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Football Championship were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by Mayo.
Kilmarnock manager Steve Clark says Stevie Smith is ready to return to action after missing the last three games with a knee injury.
World champion Chaz Rea has won the Spanish Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
Schools in England have the highest proportion of students who have special needs, a report has found.
Salford Red Devils have held their first pre-season training session since the end of last season.
Doncaster Rovers extended their lead at the top of League Two to seven points with victory over Stevenage.
A Nepalese footballer who has been denied citizenship for more than a decade has told the BBC how he is facing discrimination in his home country.
Castleford suffered their first Super League defeat of the season as they lost to Super League side St Helens.
Manchester United's final game in charge of the Premier League ended in defeat at West Ham.
London has been chosen as the host city for the 2017 Grand Depart.
Vulnerable patients at a hospital in Edinburgh have been left in limbo for more than a year, a health watchdog has said.
Five men have been charged over the discovery of a ring of suspected brothels in Nottinghamshire.
A former Guatemalan army chief has been shot dead by a gunman in his car, officials say.
The co-creator of Rocky, the Oscar-winning Rocky film, has died at the age of 83.
A minute's silence has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the 1966 World Cup final.
The mayor of London has announced plans to set up a dedicated hub for tackling online hate crime.
The Raspberry Pi is one of the most powerful computers in the world.
Carlos Carlsberg, the world's biggest brewer, has cut its full-year profit forecast.
The mother of missing toddler Ben Needham has appealed for help to find him on the Greek island of Kos.
Drivers will go on strike for the first time in three years to take part in a series of tests.
Carlisle United's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Cambridge.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham.
Plans to reopen Manston Airport have been criticised after a councillor said he had "no intention" of doing so.
At a hospital in the Central African Republic's capital, Bangui, a nurse has been treating a patient who has been shot in the head.
Welsh middleweight Anthony Froch says he would love to fight a world champion for the first time.
The MP for Colchester, John Quince, has accused the government of failing to invest in the arts.
A tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, forecasters say.
The Queen has said there will be "no unnecessary delays" in the process of devolving powers to the Welsh Government.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors.
A man and a woman have been arrested in connection with the seizure of more than £1m of heroin on the M4.
More than half of Scots say they are unable to afford food because of debt, according to a survey.
The number of unaccompanied children in Kent is at an all-time low, a council has said.
Harlequins players should be paid more than the rest of the world, according to the club's chief executive.
A man who ran a cannabis business with a shotgun has been jailed for eight years.
A venomous snake has escaped from a Florida beach in the US state of Florida.
Glenavon have been given a three-match ban by the Football Association of Northern Ireland (FAI).
Two men have been arrested after a plane crashed into a field.
Northamptonshire suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a one-run defeat by Glamorgan.
A court in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, has heard video clips of a group of al-Jazeera journalists being questioned about their links to the Islamic State militant group.
The High Court is to hear a legal challenge to the UK's role in the rendition of a Libyan man and his wife.
A woman from Dover has said she is "devastated" to not be able to bring her son's ashes home to the UK.
A man has been found guilty of stabbing a Muslim man to death on a train.
A major road in the Highlands has reopened after being closed for more than two days due to flooding.
The Welsh government has said it is "deeply concerned" about plans to cut the number of production jobs in Wales.
The Fab Four have topped the UK album chart for the first time.
Britain's Mark Hutchinson has been taken to hospital after suffering a broken leg in a crash at the Liverpool TT.
Theresa May's daughter, Princess Leia Warsi, has announced her resignation from the cabinet.
World number one Novak Djokovic has been knocked out of the men's singles at the Rio Olympics.
A former Italian intelligence officer has been extradited to the United States to face charges of rendition, Italian media say.
Former world number one Mark Milkins has reached the semi-finals of the World Championship for the first time in his career.
A number of properties in Dublin have been searched as part of an investigation into the murder of boxer Michael Byrne.
A football stadium has been given the go-ahead by the Football Association of Wales (FAW).
Plans for a new home for the Newport Ship have been given the go-ahead.
Donald Trump's son-in-law, Corey Lewandowski, has been charged with assaulting a woman at a Republican convention in Wisconsin.
A man who died when a lorry he was working in crashed into a recycling yard has been sentenced to four years in prison.
The number of unlicensed homes in Southampton has more than doubled in the past five years, according to a charity.
Japan's largest hospital has launched a robot that can communicate with patients.
The number of patients who died in care homes in England is at a record high, according to a new report.
An ex-Royal Irish soldier has criticised plans to hold a memorial march in Londonderry to the victims of the Bloody Sunday massacre.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country.
Nigeria's National Football Association (NFA) has rejected a request for a player to be suspended.
Human remains have been found at a house in Perthshire.
Oldham Athletic chairman Paul Robinson says he expects the club's transfer embargo to be lifted by the end of the season.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a lorry crashed into his house.
Ronny O'Neill's first game as Northern Ireland manager ended in a 3-1 defeat by Norway.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Moscow.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead at a party in Surrey.
Prime Minister David Cameron has signed a new deal with the European Union, paving the way for the UK to remain in the EU.
A youth bus scheme for young people in Wales has been scrapped by the Welsh Government.
A former oil and gas executive who embezzled more than £1m from her company has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Aberdeen-based oil and gas firm Aker has announced it is to cut 1,000 jobs.
Online sellers could be targeted as part of a crackdown on the so-called "black market", it has been claimed.
It's the time of year when the world's most famous hairdressers go on the run.
One of Japan's most popular music videos has gone viral.
A woman who died after a head injury during a rugby match has been named by a coroner.
Leicester City maintained their unbeaten start to the Premier League season with a hard-fought victory over Southampton.
Artists Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant have been sharing their work for more than 20 years.
The European Football Association (Uefa) has issued a warning to Uefa fans after a match between England and Lithuania at Euro 2016.
Newport County chairman Paul Foxall says the club has signed a contract to stay at Rodney Parade until the end of the season.
Scotland's Stuart Lawrie says he will retire from golf at the end of the season.
A man who posted indecent images of four women online has been given a suspended prison sentence.
The Irish Foreign Office has said it is concerned that the film Quiet Man, starring John Wayne and John Wayne, is being used as a propaganda tool.
Three men have been jailed after a cannabis factory was raided.
A former Italian mafia boss has been shot dead in Melbourne, police say.
Manchester Police has said it will take action against St Helens scrum-half Matt Flower after he was suspended from rugby league.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has called for the closure of offshore detention centres for asylum seekers.
A disabled man who was stopped by police on a motorway has been given a mobility scooter.
Italian football legend Gianluigi Infantino has visited South Sudan for the first time.
Partick Thistle midfielder Shay Logan has signed a new three-year deal with manager Derek McInnes.
A minute's silence has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the start of World War One.
Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account.
The world's largest children's computer company, the OLPC, has received $1m (Â£1m) in funding from the US government.
The US government has approved new rules that allow car owners to make modifications to their vehicles, the US Library of Congress says.
Jason Bohn has been taken to hospital after suffering a suspected heart attack at the PGA Championship in Florida.
England reached the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 with a four-wicket victory over Australia.
The price of oil has fallen to a record low for the first time since the start of the year.
One of Belfast's most famous buildings, the Solo Solo Solo, has been sold to a private equity firm.
Edward Snowden, the former US National Security Agency (NSA) contractor, is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin later.
Justin Rose shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the PGA Championship in Florida.
Sixty-five years after the end of the civil war in South Sudan, the rebel-held town of Malawi is still in ruins.
The BBC's 100 Women series is celebrating the life of a woman who survived acid attacks in the 1980s.
The deaths of two pensioners in Ballymena have been ruled out as a result of carbon monoxide poisoning, police have said.
Theresa May's speech at the Conservative Party conference in London on Thursday was a mixture of optimism and resignation.
Scotland's health boards will be required to meet minimum staffing levels by 2020, it has been announced.
Ukrainian far-right parties have been accused of being part of a neo-Nazi plot to destabilise the country.
Greece's debt crisis has reached a "critical point", the European Commission has said.
A five-year-old boy with a brain tumour has been diagnosed with a rare form of cancer, doctors say.
Wrexham Council is considering a new law banning dogs from playing on public pitches.
A woman and a man have been taken to hospital after a two-vehicle crash on a dual carriageway in Bangor.
Michael Carson's first-half equaliser earned Hartlepool victory over Portsmouth in League Two.
A sea turtle has been rescued from a beach on the Isle of Man.
Rakesh Kumar, a 10-year-old boy from the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, has been collecting coins from the river bank for more than a year.
People who drink and drive in England and Wales could be saved by lowering the drink-drive limit, according to the Alcohol Health Alliance.
The family of actress Sian Blake have been confirmed as missing.
Motherwell have signed former Motherwell and Hamilton Academical striker Jack Pearson on a two-year deal.
A six-year-old girl who needed a heart transplant has been reunited with her family.
Dallas Cowboys women's coach Heather Welter has been appointed as the team's new head coach.
Plans to leave the European Union have been criticised by a leading Welsh politician.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has denied that he exchanged money for hostages in Iran last year.
A woman has been killed in a knife attack at a shopping centre in central Belarus, police say.
Deputy First Minister Peter Robinson has denied claims he had any financial interests in the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme.
The mayor of Birmingham has said she will sue Fox News over comments it made about the Muslim population of the city.
The Bank of England has voted to keep interest rates at their current record low of 0.25%.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he is relishing the challenge of facing West Indies in the first one-day international.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has called for a "people's revolution" against the UK's membership of the European Union.
Plans for a new university campus in Bognor Regis have been given the go-ahead.
Saracens beat Oyonnax to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
A man who tried to stop a police car during a police chase has been jailed for six months.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
Actress Angelina Jolie has been named Scotland's most influential woman by a panel of female journalists.
When Paul Choe was working as a hotelier in Singapore, he had no idea what he was doing.
Derby County maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Brentford.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Steve Blair says the club's players are ready to sign new contracts.
Double Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has given birth to her first child.
A canoe has been found on the M1 motorway.
Huddersfield Town defender Sam Allardyce has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero says he still has a long way to go to improve the club's fan base.
Snow has fallen across parts of the UK, causing travel chaos and travel chaos.
Archaeologists in Germany say they have found human remains dating back more than 1,000 years.
The parents of a man who was seriously injured in a fire at a primary school in County Antrim have said they are "devastated".
Three major airlines have banned the importation of trophy trophies, including the carcass of Cecil the lion.
The chairman of the London Broncos has said it is time for the club to become a full-time professional.
European leaders are meeting in Brussels to discuss how to deal with the migrant crisis.
A Birmingham police officer has been arrested following a hoax phone call.
At least eight people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into a parade in New Orleans.
A Southend hotel has offered a free holiday to comedian O'Grady, who has been criticised for comments he made about women.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the challenges that entrepreneurs face.
In our series of letters from African-American journalists, former US President Barack Obama has told us that the US economy is in a "death throes".
Former South African President Nelson Mandela has said he has changed his mind about assisted suicide.
The number of Monarch flights to and from the UK has fallen since the attacks in Paris last week, the airline's chief executive has said.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing a man to death in a Dumfries village.
Electric car maker Tesla has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first three months of the year.
Hollywood's most famous couples have been married for more than 20 years.
Bristol fly-half Luke Scott has signed a new two-year deal with the Premiership club.
Pupils at a Birmingham primary school have been banned from playing conkers.
Unemployment in Northern Ireland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to a new report.
The mother of a 17-year-old boy shot dead by a police officer has called for an independent inquiry into his death.
A man has been shot dead at a factory in Switzerland, police say.
Plans for a giant dragon sculpture at Wrexham's former colliery have been given the go-ahead.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Steve Newell says relegation from the Premier League is a "tough blow".
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused as a child in Rotherham.
Pope Francis has called for a "spiritual revolution" in the Church of England.
A court in the Chinese city of Xinjiang has opened a trial of a prominent Chinese academic accused of "separatist activities".
The Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, has been photographed dangling from a zip wire during the opening ceremony of the Olympics.
Reading suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Fulham.
The motorway between Londonderry and Belfast has been closed following a crash involving a lorry.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says his side's performance in Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Hull was "not good enough".
Five people have been killed in a shootout between Mexican police and rival drug cartels, officials say.
Do you know what it's like to have a sixth form of A-level education?
The Lion King has been added to the list of films to be preserved by the National Library of Congress.
At least 20 people have been killed after a church collapsed in the Nigerian city of Oyo, officials say.
West Indies all-rounder Moeen Ali says he will not be intimidated by England's batting in the first two Tests of the tour.
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused by a former equerry.
Ireland beat Afghanistan by eight wickets in a one-day international in Delhi.
Nottingham Forest striker Adam Assombalonga has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A 13-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a knife attack at a primary school.
Raith Rovers extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table to seven points with victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Former world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says he does not believe professional boxers should be allowed to compete at the Olympics.
A minute's silence has been held to mark the centenary of the Battle of Anzac Day.
The US President-elect Donald Trump has signed a series of new sanctions against Iran.
The number of GCSEs in England and Wales has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to Ofqual.
Plans for two new rail franchises have been approved by the government.
Three people have been rescued after a lifeboat capsized at Torbay harbour.
An inquiry into historical abuse in children's homes in Northern Ireland should be widened, a senior judge has said.
US chipmaker Intel has reported a sharp fall in quarterly profits.
The UK is to visit Indonesia and Indonesia to discuss the fight against so-called Islamic State (IS).
Airbus is to receive more than £1m in funding from the Welsh government.
A letter written by a mother to her three-year-old son has been shared more than 1,000 times.
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in north-eastern Nigeria, police say.
A new maternity unit is to be built at Caithness Royal Infirmary.
The introduction of a new curriculum for secondary schools in Scotland has been criticised by parents.
A letter written by the Queen has sold for more than £1m at auction.
As a 16-year-old girl, Lizzie Wood was struggling to make sense of her life.
Plans for a new runway at Heathrow Airport have been published in the journal Nature.
The British Tennis Federation (BTF) says it is "confident" that the Davis Cup final will be held in Belgium.
A passenger bus has crashed into a minibus in the centre of Ghana's capital, Accra.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a man they met online.
Nicola Sugden has been appointed as Northern Ireland's new justice minister.
Bristol Rovers chairman Paul Clarke says he does not fear the takeover of the League Two club.
One of Japan's biggest companies, Dentsu, has been charged with unpaid overtime.
The Premier League season is over and it's time for the Premier League to get back to winning ways.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and writer Adaobi Nwaubani looks at some of the challenges facing the country.
A man who died after falling from a bike has been named by police.
Crusaders has been given the go-ahead to race in the Champion Hurdle at Epsom on Saturday.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector slowed to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a French restaurant in Mali's capital, Bamako, police say.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has signed a new four-year contract with Paris St-Germain.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has confirmed Steven Gerrard will become the next manager of the Premier League club.
Exeter City striker Alex Morrison has signed a new three-year contract with the League Two club.
The number of spectators attending major sporting events in the UK last year reached a new record, according to Deloitte.
A dentist who spent more than £20,000 on dental implants in Hungary has resigned.
Costa Cruises captain Luciano Schettino has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the Costa Concordia tragedy.
It's been a year since Great Britain won a medal at the Rio Olympics.
Wales' Jade Johns says she would like to become the next Jade Jones.
All photographs are copyrighted.
Lancashire batsman Ben Wells has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Transport for Wales has announced plans to double the number of trains it operates between Cardiff and Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Lenovo has unveiled its latest smartphone, the Moto Z.
Thousands of Latvians have marched through the streets of the capital Latvian capital, Vilnius, to mark the centenary of the end of World War Two.
Preparations are under way to deal with flooding in parts of north Wales.
Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva has been arrested on suspicion of corruption.
Actor Sir Roger Roger has been praised for his work in a new children's film.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she is "very happy" with the response to a letter she sent to the Welsh Government.
British troops will be sent to Somalia to help fight so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, David Cameron has said.
Burnley boss Eddie Howe has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A former oil worker has been fined £10,000 after he collapsed in the engine of a tanker he was working on.
Welsh MPs should be allowed to vote on English-language issues in the Queen's Speech, a Welsh MP has said.
Police investigating dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland say they have found a "significant" cache of weapons.
At least 19 people have been killed in a suspected gas explosion in northern Nigeria, local media report.
A chronology of key events
Burnley defender Joe Vokes says his side's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup in Russia are over.
Former NFL star OJ Simpson is due to go on trial in Las Vegas for the second time in less than a year.
Hearts have signed former Kilmarnock striker Sammon on loan until the end of the season.
Belgium's Alexander Kreuziger has been cleared of doping by the European Anti-Doping Agency (EDA).
The family of a man shot dead by the Stakeknife gang in Northern Ireland more than 20 years ago have called for an inquiry into his murder.
A former Tesco employee has said he was "devastated" to see a picture of him in a bag of organic vegetables being sold at a supermarket.
Last week, India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi met Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in the Indian capital, Delhi.
Championship side Zamalek have appointed former Dundee United and Rangers midfielder David Maelo as their new head coach.
Ethiopia has been accused of human rights violations by the UN human rights body, Amnesty International.
A bus driver has been suspended after a video emerged showing him punching a bus passenger in the face.
Oscar-winning Welsh actress Helen Rees has died at the age of 83.
Campaigners have called for the introduction of district heating systems in Scotland.
People who refuse to take their rubbish to a recycling centre should be told to do so, a council has said.
The family of a veterinary nurse who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to her.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the challenges facing the world's most famous tourist destinations.
A music festival which was due to take place this weekend has been cancelled.
Royal Challengers Bangalore will face Rising Pune Supergiants in the opening match of the Indian Premier League season.
Google says it has developed a "moonshot" drone that can fly around the world.
Plans have been submitted to the Ministry of Defence (MoD) for a new munitions depot in Donnington.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said it has made "significant progress" in a crackdown on drugs in Northern Ireland.
The parents of two children who were murdered by their mother in Caerphilly county have been found safe, an inquest has heard.
A man's body has been found in a block of flats in Glasgow.
The UK's exit from the European Union would reduce net migration to the UK, according to a new report.
The government has failed to comply with EU air quality rules, a High Court judge has ruled.
Serial killer Syed Syed has been granted permission to give evidence in his trial over the murder of a student.
Three gold coins have been found during a treasure hunt in Lancashire.
A diver who drowned a fellow diver in a Newport lake has been jailed for life.
A man has died following a fire at a house in Oxford.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says striker Cristiano Ronaldo is the best striker in the Premier League.
The Stormont Assembly has been told it will not be able to pass a budget until the end of the year.
The father of three-year-old Gabriella Ratcliffe, who has been detained in Iran for more than a year, has said he is hoping to be reunited with her.
Scientists in California say they have successfully created human-sized pig embryos.
Zimbabwe's President Jacob Zuma has defended his government's handling of a corruption scandal in the country.
The author of To Kill a Mockingbird has died at the age of 83.
The Christmas lights at Caerphilly town centre have been switched off.
Championship side Marseille have confirmed they are in talks to sell the club.
Sir Chris Hoy has been named as Great Britain's ambassador to Rio 2016.
A British woman who was taken to Saudi Arabia by her father has been granted permission to return to England, a judge has ruled.
Mae Llywod Cymru wedi cael ei dweud yn ddydd yn ôl ei gael yn cael yn ei fydd.
MPs from English and Welsh constituencies will be able to vote in the House of Commons under plans by the Conservatives.
More than half of ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are unable to speak Cantonese, according to a study by the University of Hong Kong.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign has been dominated by the issue of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme.
Plans to expand the Oxford bus station have been submitted to Oxford City Council.
Gay people in the Russian republic of Chechnya have been subjected to torture, a rights group has said.
Ferrari's Nico Rosberg says he expects a good start to the season from Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton.
Russia's parliament has passed a law banning the use of social networks, including Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
Spanish police say they have arrested three Chinese nationals suspected of working in the textile industry.
Four people have been killed in a gun attack on a train in Germany, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere has said.
Nottingham Forest manager Paul Davies says he would like to return to the Premier League next season.
Mo Farah became the first British man to win 10,000m gold at the same time as his compatriot Paul Chelimo.
The mother of a three-year-old boy who died at the age of three has told the Times she was inspired by her husband Dave.
Police are investigating a series of phone scams in Stranraer.
The former leader of the Provisional IRA, Clifton Reid, has died at the age of 83.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola says his side's Champions League quarter-final win over Real Madrid was a "dream come true".
Farmers in Wales could soon be able to take part in a "professional" way of processing their milk.
Three people who died in a car crash have been named.
Fifa members have voted in favour of new anti-racism rules.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager.
A body has been found at a house fire in Sussex.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of breach of trust.
New Zealand head coach Owen Owens says he will not take up refereeing again until the end of the 2018 World Cup.
Two Israeli police officers have been charged with the murder of a Palestinian man who was shot in the head in the occupied West Bank.
Real Madrid midfielder Kelechi Iheanacho has been named in Brazil's squad for the World Cup qualifier against Serbia.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Birmingham City.
Mae'r cyhoedd ar gyfer ar gyntaf yn yn ôl eu hysbysebu yn cael eu gynhoeddarach eleni.
Scotland's Police and Crime Agency (SPA) has said it is "very concerned" about the closure of a police and crime prevention centre.
A man has gone on trial accused of assaulting a doctor at a Glasgow hospital.
Two Welsh AMs have called for a ban on agency fees to be introduced.
A new set of guidelines for cosmetic surgery has been published.
Carlos Gervinho scored twice as Blackburn beat Blackburn to reach the fourth round of the FA Cup.
Howler monkeys have the biggest vocal tract in the world, according to a study.
Welsh Labour MP Jo Rees has been appointed shadow secretary of state for Wales.
A Romanian man has pleaded guilty to hacking into former US President Barack Obama's private email account.
Plans for a rollercoaster ride through Cardiff city centre have been approved by assembly members.
An independent inquiry into child abuse in children's homes in Scotland has been launched.
A shopkeeper in the Indian city of Mumbai has spoken of his fear for his life after being attacked by a shopkeeper.
More Welsh language teachers will be taught in the Welsh language by the end of the year, AMs have been told.
Four nurses have been banned from working in a mental health unit for 12 months after a patient was left with permanent brain damage.
More than £10,000 has been donated to recycling centres in Surrey, the county council has said.
In the wake of the Paris attacks, US Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said he will do everything he can to prevent a similar attack in France.
The US military has been accused of failing to properly diagnose and treat people with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Former BBC Radio Norwich presenter David James has been awarded honorary degrees from the University of Norwich.
A charity that helps people clean up beaches in the Isle of Man has been awarded £1m by the government.
Andy Ward beat John Isner to reach the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals in London.
A huge underwater forest has been discovered in the Northumberland.
An 18-year-old man has admitted stealing heroin worth more than £1m from a Dundee prison.
Students at Cardiff University have been evacuated from a campus after a controlled explosion.
Macau has reported record profits for the first time in more than a decade, according to official figures.
A new exhibition by Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has opened on the Greek island of Crete.
A former senior civil servant has been invited to give evidence to MPs about the Iraq Inquiry into the removal of Saddam Hussein.
Mae'r ganffennol yn ymwybodol o adegau eraill pan gafodd ei saethu yn aneffeithiol â gwn Taser.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Policymakers should be given greater protection to whistleblowers, a parliamentary committee has said.
Sydney's Opera House has switched off its lights for the first time in the city's history.
The funeral of North Korean student Otto Warmbier has taken place in the US state of Ohio.
World number one Michael Maguire says he is "disappointed" with his performance at the Crucible.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been defeated by a far-right Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD) party in a regional election.
The number of smokers in the world is rising, according to a study by the World Health Organization (WHO).
Ferrari boss Bernie Ecclestone has dismissed calls for a return to the old Formula 1 qualifying system.
Tata Steel has been fined £10,000 after a worker died after inhaling a toxic chemical.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn FÃ©in have met to discuss a possible deal to restore power-sharing in Northern Ireland.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Mansour Akhtar Mansour has been shot dead in the capital, Kabul, sources say.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a man in Gloucestershire.
A man who was found dead at a house in Leicestershire has been named by police.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following the death of a man in Glasgow.
Tens of thousands of fans have taken part in Chester's FA Cup quarter-final against Wrexham.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed former Germany midfielder Markus Klich on a season-long loan deal.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a paint attack on a Glasgow hall.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has said he will take legal action against the Ecuadorian government over allegations of rape.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad is likely to leave the country by the end of the year, the BBC has learned.
Wrexham have signed Wrexham striker Dylan Jackson on a season-long loan deal.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) has accused Algeria of failing to attend a World Cup qualifier against Israel.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy against migrants trying to reach Europe.
Plans for a new tennis court have been submitted by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
Funding for the UK's refugee resettlement programme is inadequate, the National Audit Office (NAO) has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted in west Belfast.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has signed a contract to send a satellite to the Sun.
Holyrood's new first minister has been sworn in.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Northern Ireland has continued to rise, according to official figures.
Glasgow's women's 1st VIII rowing team will take on Glasgow University for the first time on Saturday.
Nationwide has reported a drop in pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year.
Turkish investigators say they have found a "black box" in the cockpit of a Russian military jet that crashed in Turkey last week.
South African batsman Sean Dickson has signed a new three-year contract with Kent.
The mother of a boy who was injured when he was crushed by a barbecued barbecue has said she is "devastated".
Labour MPs should vote to remain in the European Union, the party's deputy leader has warned.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a man.
Former Fifa president Sepp Blatter has said he is "not a punching bag".
A six-year-old Florida boy has died after being bitten by an inflatable creature at a theme park.
Former Foreign Secretary Michael Gove has said he would have sacked Theresa May if he had been in her shoes.
Scotland should remain a full member of the European Union, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) has said.
Bollywood actor Salman Khan is to appear in court charged with causing the death of a man in a car crash in Mumbai last year.
Plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Bicester have been branded "unacceptable" by residents.
An Australian man who travelled to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS) has been sentenced to life in prison.
The British Medical Association (BMA) has called for "safe patient care" for GPs in England.
Scotland's spirits industry has seen a surge in sales, according to a new report.
Wales could lose out on a £1bn block grant from the UK government, a think tank has warned.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has promised to raise the Sewol ferry that capsized last week.
The wife of a man shot dead by police said she wanted to kill him, an inquest has heard.
Rory McIlroy shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead with Jordan Spieth at the halfway stage of the PGA Championship.
Plans for a 30 million-capacity airport in Hertfordshire have been revealed.
The number of parks in England and Wales has reached a record high, a group of MPs has said.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has become the first Indian prime minister to use Twitter.
A book which was stolen from a Worcestershire primary school has been returned to its rightful owner.
Hull City striker Daniel Clucas has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A woman who gave birth to a foetal abnormality at a hospital in northern Italy has died, her family has said.
The Chicago-based Duran Duran band have filed a lawsuit against a company that owns the rights to their music.
Defending champion Nick Kyrgios says he was tired as he reached the second round of the Shanghai Masters.
A former police officer has admitted raping a woman he met online.
Work is under way to upgrade one of Scotland's busiest container ports.
One of the UK's most common garden pests has been eradicated.
The owner of a popular hunting TV channel, Stan Kroenke, has been ordered to remove content from the channel.
A man has been jailed for two years for texting a 15-year-old girl he met online.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in County Mayo.
The family of a man who died while trying to rescue his dog have paid tribute to him.
A man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of assaulting a man he met online.
Former Bradford City and Bradford City midfielder David Watson has been appointed as the new head coach of Scotland's national team.
Hundreds of Syrian refugees are to be resettled in Northern Ireland, the PSNI has said.
A woman has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won stage three of the Tour de Yorkshire for the first time.
Transgender people in Scotland are less likely to report hate crimes, according to a charity.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car.
Brazilian striker Neymar has appeared in court accused of defrauding his former club Barcelona of more than €13m.
Voting has resumed for the Hull by-election.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has paid tribute to Shane Williams, who died at the age of 28.
Former Tottenham and England striker Alex Gazza is one of the best-known footballers in the world.
An environmental group has filed a legal challenge to the National Trust over plans to drill for shale gas in woodland.
Six men have been arrested as part of an anti-drug operation.
Tottenham defender Kyle Walker has joined Premier League champions Manchester City for an undisclosed fee.
A raccoon has been rescued from a house in Cambridgeshire.
A dog has been stolen from a County Antrim shopping centre.
A former Rwandan academic has been extradited to the US to face charges of inciting genocide.
International students in the UK would be at risk if the UK voted to leave the European Union, a study suggests.
A man has been sentenced to life in prison for having sex with a 14-year-old girl.
Serial has been given the go-ahead to produce a TV series based on the Serial podcast.
Scotland's council tax system is unfair, according to a new report.
A charity has said it is "overwhelmed" by the number of grey hens it has rescued in Wrexham.
Leeds Rhinos have signed Hull FC winger Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal.
A man has been found dead in a wooded area of Derbyshire.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has said he will not take up coaching again.
A faulty gene could increase the risk of heart disease, say researchers.
Two teenagers have appeared in court charged with the murder of a police officer in Australia.
Google has announced that its Glass smart glasses are to be phased out.
A suspicious device has been found at a house in County Armagh, police have said.
The African Union has voted to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Saudi Arabia's king Salman bin Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has reshuffled the country's security forces, state media report.
A Scottish farmer has reported a pre-tax profit of more than £1m for the first three months of the year.
US President Donald Trump has said he would consider firing special counsel Robert Mueller.
The Isle of Wight's education select committee has called on the government to clarify its rules on term-time holidays.
Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza has said his wife is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in the head by a gunman.
The UK's biggest telecoms group, O2, has said it is "hopeful" it will be able to launch 4G mobile phone services by the end of 2013.
Five men have been found guilty of supporting the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
The Football League has backed a proposal to reduce the number of teams in the Premier League to 23.
One of Scotland's leading curry restaurants has said it is "disappointed" that the government has banned foreign chefs from working in the UK.
England head coach Rob Robshaw says his side's performance in their World Cup quarter-final defeat by France was a "wake-up call".
One of Canada's most popular spirits has been recalled after it was found to be too high in alcohol.
Former world bantamweight champion Mike Towell has died at the age of 28.
Germany's biggest carmaker, Daimler, has agreed to install a software fix to reduce nitrogen oxide emissions.
A new type of cement has been discovered at the University of Sheffield.
Muckamore reached the quarter-finals of the Northern Ireland Championship with a convincing victory over CSNI.
A Clacton man has appeared in court charged with threatening to kill a supporter during a match.
A group of French authors have signed a letter calling for a boycott of a literary award given to the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine.
The NHS needs to cut the cost of agency staff, a watchdog has said.
Workers at a Cambridgeshire recycling plant are being told they will lose their jobs.
Poundland, one of the UK's biggest discount shops, has spent more than £1bn in the last five years trying to cut prices.
Two children have been taken to hospital after a car they were travelling in crashed into a wall on the Isle of Quay.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder following the death of a woman in a flat in west Belfast.
In Burkina Faso, a new device that allows women to inject their own contraceptive pills has been unveiled.
The chief constable of the Northern Ireland Police Service (NIPS) has said he is confident it will be able to continue investigating historical police misconduct.
New Zealand police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in rugby league.
Gusts of up to 40mph (65km/h) have hit parts of Wales as the festive period draws to a close.
A Chinese army vehicle has crashed into a river during a training exercise, killing one of its soldiers.
Former World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) chief Alberto Garcia has resigned.
Connacht extended their lead at the top of the Ospreys to eight points with a hard-fought victory at Oriel Park.
Billy, who was seriously injured in a car crash last year, has finally been able to drive again.
A music shop in Sunderland has closed after more than 20 years.
Luton Town have parted company with three players after the League Two side reached the League Cup semi-finals.
Paris St-Germain striker Karim Benzia has signed a new two-year contract with the French club.
England netball players will be able to play for professional teams under new contracts announced by the Women's Superleague.
The winner of South Wales Police's mayoral election has been announced.
A drug that reverses the effects of ovarian cancer has been shown to be able to reverse the side effects of traditional chemotherapy.
A video has been released by police searching for missing Bristol woman Joanna Yeates.
Two years ago, The KLF, the UK's biggest rock band, went on the run.
Formula 1 driver Maria De Villota is in a critical condition in hospital after being involved in a collision with a lorry.
A fire has broken out at a former shipyard in Glasgow city centre.
South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley has been confirmed as the new US ambassador to the UN.
Taiwan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs has banned Chinese nationals from entering mainland China.
Nottingham Forest manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of relegation from the Championship will be "terrifying".
A Royal Marine regiment has begun training in Afghanistan for the first time.
Laura Pergolizzi was born and raised in Greece.
Manchester City extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with victory over Chelsea.
Former world middleweight champion Michael Blackwell has been banned from boxing for six months after being found guilty of misconduct.
The sister of a Sheffield United fan who died in a crush at the Hillsborough stadium has been named by a coroner.
A robotic robot has been unveiled at a music festival in Inverness.
Cambridge United have been drawn against Cambridge United in the FA Cup quarter-finals.
Tranmere Rovers have re-signed all but one of their squad for the League Two play-off semi-finals.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will be without a number of key players for Saturday's game against Liverpool at Etihad Stadium.
League Two side Barrow have sacked manager Paul Cox after just two games in charge.
An 87-year-old man who died after inhaling bees has been named by a coroner.
Forest Green Rovers came from behind to beat Torquay United in the National League.
Nigeria's Islamist militant group Boko Haram has abducted more than 100 girls in the north-eastern state of Chibok.
Russia's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise domestic violence.
A court in Kenya has opened a formal inquiry into the deaths of more than 1,000 Mau Mau Mau rebels during the 1960s and 1970s.
Ross County captain Andrew Davies has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Prince Harry has been photographed with a crocodile in Australia for the first time.
Australia's Paul Reuss has been ruled out of the first Test against India in Mumbai after suffering a concussion.
The chief executive of Nissan has said the company's sponsorship of the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro will help boost sales.
Wild signal crayfish have been reintroduced to parts of Wales as part of a campaign to reverse the decline.
A fire at London's O2 arena has been put out, police have said.
The Oscar-nominated film Dallas Buyers Club has become the most-watched film of all time.
The US state of New York has called for an investigation after a blackish colour appeared on the surface of Niagara Falls.
Dundee United striker Greg O'Dea says he would like to see Greg Stewart and Greg Hemmings leave the club.
Great Britain's men's and women's curling teams will compete at the Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway.
The UK Independence Party (UKIP) has dropped its bid to take control of a Kent council.
The Education Standards Authority (Ofqual) has said it is "not fit for purpose" to assess pupils' GCSE results.
At least 20 people have been killed in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels in the Yemeni capital, Taiz.
On Christmas Eve, thousands of Palestinians gather in Bethlehem to celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ.
North Wales Police has been rated "inadequate" by a watchdog.
A Welsh actress who worked with Oscar-winning actor Leonardo DiCaprio has said she was inspired by his work.
A six-month-old boy who had a rare form of leukaemia has been given a stem cell transplant.
Lufthansa and KLM have been fined €1.5bn (£1.2bn) by the European Commission for alleged infringements on their contracts.
Bournemouth striker Jack King says he does not believe the club are safe.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from rebel-held parts of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the UN says.
It's been a year since the US and Cuba reached a historic agreement.
Paris St-Germain owner Jacques McCourt has announced plans to invest more than £1bn in the French club.
Belgium's prime minister, Michel Pesquet, has taken to social media to share pictures of his country.
A Ukrainian mother and her two young children have been found dead in their mother's flat, police say.
Championship side Southampton have signed midfielder Alex McQueen on a season-long loan deal.
Plans for a "long tunnel" at Stonehenge have been submitted to the government.
Saracens head coach Paul Borthwick has never been a fan of the club.
Myanmar's security forces have been accused of raping and murdering children, the UN human rights group has said.
A water main has burst.
Guernsey's FA Cup quarter-final defeat by Guernsey was a "disappointing" result, says head coach Steve Vance.
World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) chief Mark Warner has called on Russia to do more to tackle its doping problem.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has been criticised by the mother of a British girl who travelled to Syria to join so-called Islamic State.
A series of tours of the former home of Coronation Street have been launched.
Tens of thousands of students at a County Antrim school have gone on strike.
Cesare, a Sicilian winemaker, is on the verge of losing his land to the rural Mafia.
The BBC has launched a trial of a new way to control its iPlayer virtual assistant.
Organisers of a Celtic music festival are offering a virtual reality version of the event.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Houvenaghel has announced her retirement from the sport.
The first day of Wimbledon has been postponed because of rain.
Italian firefighters have been arrested on suspicion of setting fires in the northern Italian city of Ragusa.
The number of sexual offences against children under 18 in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to the National Crime Agency (NCA).
The US says it has intercepted a tip-off that a laptop could be used on US-bound flights.
South Korea's military says it believes North Korea has reached a "major milestone" in its nuclear programme.
Ukraine says it is ready to resume gas deliveries to rebel-held areas of the east of the country.
Darren Keogh's first Derby County goal of the season earned Derby County victory over Grimsby.
A court in Arizona has ruled that a woman who was convicted of murdering her son has not been allowed to stand trial.
Ambulance services in Derbyshire have been rated "inadequate" by a watchdog.
Huddersfield Town were held to a goalless draw by Leeds United at Elland Road.
A BBC Look East editor has told a High Court tribunal that she was targeted by a senior staff member.
More than 100 homes have been evacuated after a fire broke out in the Scottish Borders.
Rescuers searching for a group of mountaineers who went missing in Washington state say they have found their gear.
Queen of the South reached the Scottish Cup quarter-finals for the second year in a row with a 2-1 victory over Queen's Park.
Australia thrashed the British and Irish Lions for the second time in three years in a pulsating Six Nations match at Twickenham.
The chief executive of Tata Sons has written to the BBC accusing the company of failing to implement its turnaround strategy.
World number one Mark Mahut and world number one Andy Murray are among the players who have confirmed they will be playing at the ATP World Tour Finals in Paris.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £10,000 by the Rugby Football League (RFL) for failing to share a ground with Widnes Vikings.
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial is the best player in the world, says manager Jose Mourinho.
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has said he will run for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016.
Sunderland came from behind to beat Chelsea and move up to third in the Premier League table.
North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un has said it has successfully tested a ballistic missile capable of reaching the US mainland.
(Close): London's FTSE 100 index closed higher on Thursday, boosted by a rise in the value of the bank's shares.
A man has denied attempting to murder his wife at a care home.
The number of wild tigers in the northern Indian state of Sunderbans has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade.
Manchester City striker Jesus has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a broken foot.
Five members of Sport NI's board have resigned.
Cyber-security firm Symantec says it has discovered a "wicked" malware that can infect routers and other devices.
It has been a week of violence in the German city of Leipzig.
A dual carriageway in Powys has reopened after being closed for more than two hours.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has appointed former Finance Minister Luis Videgaray as his new finance minister.
The battle to retake Tal Afar from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Iraq has been described as a "perfect storm".
Liam Novak's first-half equaliser gave Fleetwood victory over Charlton.
Portsmouth chairman Paul Brown says the club's owners are ready to accept a takeover offer from a billionaire.
A loggerhead turtle has been captured on a camera on the Isle of Wight.
Chris Wootton's second-half equaliser earned Scunthorpe victory over League Two bottom side Crewe Alexandra.
David Varvell's first-half equaliser earned MK Dons victory over Ipswich Town in the League Two play-off semi-final.
Liberia's former president, George Weah, has been elected as the country's first female president.
England's Paul Fleetwood shot a four-under-par 65 to claim a share of the lead after the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Queens Park Rangers have signed Liverpool defender Mandy van den Bergen on a two-year deal.
League Two side Gillingham have signed striker Ruairi Anderson and midfielder Myles Keating on loan until the end of the season.
Belfast's city centre car park has been closed after a group of bonfire enthusiasts said they were "disappointed" by the decision not to store their pallets.
A dictionary of words by Roald Dahl has been published by the University of Oxford.
Renault has announced plans to build a new production plant in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "devastated" after losing his title at the Belgian Grand Prix.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher, boosted by a rise in shares in Marks and Spencer.
Portadown have been suspended by the Irish Football Association (IFA) for three matches following their 2-1 defeat by Ards.
A light aircraft has crashed into a garden in Stoke-on-Trent.
A former head of the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been jailed for five years for stealing more than £1,000.
Astronomers have discovered the most powerful stars in the Milky Way.
Roma have suspended the use of their Olimpico stadium for fans who wear racist T-shirts during matches.
Plymouth Argyle maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with victory over Crawley Town.
Discovery Media has agreed to buy US TV network Scripps Networks Interactive (Scripps) for an undisclosed sum.
Queens Park Rangers defender Steven Caulker has been taken to hospital with a fractured skull.
US actress Barbra Streisand has said she hopes Siri will change her name to "Streis".
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets in Egypt's capital, Cairo, to protest against the killing of a man.
A US pharmaceutical company has cut the price of a prescription drug by more than a third.
Derby striker Jack Martin says he has returned to full fitness after missing the last three games with a hamstring injury.
A flight from Glasgow to Edinburgh has been diverted to Prestwick Airport, the airline has confirmed.
More than half of five-year-old children in Wales have good oral health, according to a new national survey.
Retail sales in Northern Ireland have risen for the first time since the Brexit vote, according to the Ulster Bank.
Plans for a multi-million pound redevelopment of Manchester's St Michael's Square have been given the go-ahead.
A motorcyclist has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm by dangerous driving.
Patrick Callaghan has been appointed as the new manager of Carrick Rangers.
A man has been found guilty of assaulting a three-month-old boy in Edinburgh.
Britain's Johanna Konta is through to the second round of the US Open after beating Spain's Angelique Kerber in straight sets.
Police investigating the abduction and murder of 15-year-old Meghan Williams in Leicestershire say they are treating it as murder.
Chester climbed to the top of the National League with victory over Dagenham and Redbridge.
Dagenham & Redbridge have signed striker Jack Wood on a season-long loan deal.
Voters in some of England's most deprived wards are failing to register to vote, the Electoral Commission has said.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed Wales international Matthew Morgan on a two-year deal.
Crawley Town midfielder Conor Henderson has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Stoke City boss Tony Pulis says he has no plans to sell Stoke striker Bojan Crouch.
A collection of Andy Warhol's Mao portraits has gone on show in China for the first time.
Manchester United star Sir Alex Ferguson has been given the go-ahead to build a garden in Bolton.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens star Tatum is to star in a new film based on the original film, it has been announced.
Tiny moth sculptures have been painted in Leeds to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of singer Amy Johnson.
The UK's finance secretary has said he does not believe the government will be able to meet its fiscal deficit target.
Tens of thousands of people are expected to descend on Durham to celebrate the city's 20th anniversary.
Ireland reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship with a 3-1 victory over Germany.
A father-of-two has won a legal challenge to a law banning his children from school during term-time.
A 13-year-old girl who was hit by a bike while walking home from school has been released from hospital.
A US soldier has been awarded the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) for his role in the fight against Taliban militants in Afghanistan.
The prime minister should introduce a cap on the number of foreign workers allowed to work in the UK, a think tank has said.
Crystal Palace fans have been evacuated from a London Tube station after a fire broke out.
Scotland's Hannah Seaidaid won gold in the women's rifle at the European Shooting Championships.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's decision to cut interest rates in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Great Britain's men's skeleton team will compete in the Rio Olympics for the first time.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Adams will defend her IBF world title against Claudia Salazar in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Great Britain's Adam Heath set a new world record in the men's kayak at the European Championships.
Sinn Féin have reached the semi-finals of the European Championship for the first time.
A Bristol shipyard has been put up for sale.
More care homes in Wales are failing to meet the needs of older people, a report has found.
A "right-to-buy" scheme for low-income people in England is to be scrapped.
The number of syphilis cases in London has reached a record high, figures show.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Edinburgh.
League Two side Portsmouth have signed Belgium international midfielder Joleon Lescott on a season-long loan.
Nottingham Forest have appointed former Forest Green Rovers boss Marcelo Silva as their new manager.
Volunteers are being asked to make Christmas mittens for orphaned animals at a zoo in Australia.
The number of children with a cleft palate in their mouth has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Three primary school teachers who went on strike for more than a year have been sacked.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed striker Jack Park on a season-long loan deal until the end of the season.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will do everything he can to improve bus services in England.
People who follow a low-calorie, low-carb diet are more likely to lose weight, a study suggests.
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter over the death of a woman who fell from a building.
Arsenal Ladies striker Ashley Nobbs has signed a new two-year contract with the club.
Wigan Warriors head coach Paul Wane says his side's success in the World Club Series is a positive sign for the sport.
The International Space Agency (ISS) has signed a deal to send radio signals from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
China has confirmed that it has banned the trade in tiger skins in the wild.
The UK's economy is likely to slow in 2017 and 2018, according to a think tank.
A man who threatened to shoot a police officer in the head with a crossbow has been found guilty of attempted murder.
Luxury airline KLM has expanded its flights between Inverness and Amsterdam.
Liam Seymour scored a hat-trick as Glasgow beat Leinster to reach the Pro12 quarter-finals for the first time.
Plans for a new spaceport in Gwynedd have been given the go-ahead.
Arcade Fire performed at Glastonbury for the first time in more than a decade.
The Women's World Twenty20 will be held at Lord's next year, the England and Wales Cricket Board has announced.
At least eight people have been killed in a kidnapping operation by Boko Haram militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say.
Irish actor and actor Michael Lally has died at the age of 83.
Worcestershire all-rounder Matt Robson hit a century on the opening day of the first Test against Warwickshire.
Coral reefs in the Great Barrier Reef in China have been devastated by rising temperatures, according to scientists.
The European Central Bank (ECB) has reached a deal with the Greek government to stabilise its troubled banks.
A cancer patient has become the first person to climb Mount Everest.
A parish hall in Carmarthenshire has been fined more than £1,000 by the Roman Catholic Church.
The family of a Walsall footballer who died in the Manchester Arena terror attack have paid tribute to him.
Teachers should spend more time in science lessons, according to the education watchdog Estyn.
More than 1,000 Muslims have signed a petition calling for Jewish sites in the US to be protected.
Two brothers who stabbed a man to death in a "bloodbath" have been jailed for life.
Ed Sheeran has returned to the stage for the first time in more than a year to perform at the Glastonbury Festival.
Brentford have parted company with manager Mark Warburton after just one season in charge.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has denied any wrongdoing in the UMP party's expenses scandal.
US President Barack Obama has visited Cuba for the first time since the 1959 revolution.
A fire which broke out on a ferry has been put out.
Two men have been jailed for life for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in Dubai.
The maker of Nivea has apologised after a racist advert was posted on its Facebook page.
Cambridge United moved to within three points of the League Two play-off places with victory over Exeter.
Former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been named in Sale's squad for the 2017-18 season.
A team of scientists from the University of California, Berkeley, has developed a new way of measuring seismic activity in the world.
Prime Minister Ed Miliband has been sworn in as the UK's new prime minister.
England beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international at The Wanderers in Johannesburg.
UKIP South Wales East AM Nathan Gill has said he has no intention of quitting the party.
An Easyjet flight from Amsterdam to Amsterdam has been cleared after a fire broke out in the cabin.
Too many apprenticeships in England are below level three, according to a report by a leading think tank.
Plans to build a hydroelectric dam on a river in Conwy county have been withdrawn.
Five men have been jailed for their part in a drug trafficking operation in south Wales.
Dutch club Ajax have confirmed that striker Abdelhak Nouri has been diagnosed with heart disease.
Former Prime Minister Sir William Hague has said he is worried about the future of the welfare system in Northern Ireland.
Juventus boss Gianluigi Buffon says the use of video-in-the-match (VAR) technology in Serie A is "disrespectful".
A London-based investment bank has opened a new branch in east London.
David Cameron's bid to become the next leader of the Nato alliance has been "disappointing", a leading defence expert has said.
Bethany Boe and Alfie Boe are to play a new version of Queen's classic Queen for the 2016 Olympics.
One of Russia's most popular social media platforms is Twitter.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been appointed as the new manager of the Championship club for the first time.
Cameroon international Ousmane Chedjou has signed a new three-year contract with Turkish club Istanbul.
Livingston is one of Scotland's most important towns.
Children's toys could be hacked into by hackers, the Home Office has said.
Burmese armed groups have signed a long-awaited ceasefire agreement with the army, the country's president has said.
Venezuelan military jets have shot down a suspected drug trafficker in the southern city of Caracas.
Plans to create a dedicated mental health unit in Cardiff have been announced by the Welsh government.
China's state-owned telecoms firm ZTE has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) to the US over its trade with North Korea.
The number of allegations of sexual abuse by UN peacekeepers in the Central African Republic (CAR) has reached a record high, the UN has said.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife at their home in Carrickfergus.
The French ambassador to Mali has said the country's troops will remain in Mali until the end of the year.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a landmark trade deal.
Flood warnings have been issued for parts of Warwickshire following heavy rain.
A swan has been rescued from a high-rise hotel in Hertfordshire.
The Liberal Democrats have condemned Theresa May's pledge to leave the European Union.
Celtic came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
Harry Shearer, the creator of The Simpsons, has pulled out of the show.
Student nurses in England are being told they will no longer be able to take bursaries when they complete their nursing courses.
A controversial plan to build a wind farm in the Australian state of Queensland has been approved by the environment minister.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ross-Ross-Dumfries has said she hopes her story will inspire other female athletes.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said he does not want a "special case" for the Irish border after the UK leaves the European Union.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Oscar-winning actress Lupita Nyong'o has criticised Hollywood for not offering more opportunities to black actors.
All free school meals pupils in England are poorer than those in selective schools, a study suggests.
Cardiff Blues scrum-half Matt Anscombe says he is "a lucky man" after being ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
When Steve Jobs announced the launch of the iPhone, it was the first time I had ever taken a photograph of a smartphone.
A £1bn research and development centre in Newcastle has been officially opened.
Hampshire Diamonds have appointed former England head coach Paul Grayson as their new head coach.
Bristol Rovers have signed midfielder Ryan Sweeney and midfielder Ryan Telford on loan until the end of the season.
The UK's inflation rate continued to rise in May, according to official figures.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said it would be "impossible" for Welsh voters to vote for UKIP.
Paralympic gold medallist Jade Graddon says she is ready to compete at the Rio Olympics.
A commuter train has collided with a commuter train in Oakland, California.
The Pirate Bay website has returned to normal after being shut down for more than a week.
Match reports for all the Premier League games of the weekend.
The world's average temperature will rise to 1.5C by 2050, according to a new study.
A record number of people have been prosecuted for animal cruelty in Wales, the RSPCA has said.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex-girlfriend.
Crusaders head coach Paul Mulgrew says his side are ready to take on Premiership leaders Macclesfield Town in their first game of the season.
What do we know about the UK's banks?
Glamorgan all-rounder James Ingram has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the final practice session of the Malaysian Grand Prix.
A former Fifa president has been banned from participating in the 2022 World Cup in Qatar for three years.
A man has died after a fire broke out at a house in Londonderry.
A collection of black-and-white photographs from the 1980s and 1990s has gone on display in Leeds.
Huddersfield Town striker Jack Vaughan says the club's players need to learn to cope with the demands of the Premier League.
When Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrived at the White House for the State Department's first meeting with President Donald Trump, it was a huge blow.
Barcelona midfielder Gerard Pique says his side are "not in a good position" despite reaching the semi-finals of the Champions League.
UKIP leader Boris Johnson has called for a merger of the Leave campaign and the Remain campaign.
Human rights groups in Mauritius have called for the death of a Muslim blogger jailed for insulting the Prophet Muhammad.
A Dundee man has been jailed for three years after being found guilty of using a mask to mask his face.
One of the world's largest nuclear submarines, Artful, has been officially launched at the Ministry of Defence.
Wales manager Chris Coleman should be given more time to prove he is fit to continue as manager, says assistant manager Paul Ledley.
One of the world's biggest car networks, Globalstar, has been hacked, according to a security researcher.
Oscar-winning actress Joan Collins has said she is not a member of the Royal Family.
A pair of Egyptian geese have made their way into a nesting box at a Norfolk nature reserve.
Burnley striker Chris Vokes has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Surrey's Chris Burns hit a career-best second-wicket century to help his side reach the third round of the One-Day Cup.
One of the UK's largest care homes, Southern Cross, is facing a major restructuring.
The number of cancer patients being treated in England has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, a charity has said.
Wildlife in parts of the UK could be threatened by climate change, according to a new study.
Gatwick Airport has reported a record pre-tax profit for the first half of the year.
Two former councillors have been cleared of misconduct over their handling of a report into the sale of council properties.
Premier League clubs will donate £10,000 to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire in London.
Civilians in the besieged Syrian city of Aleppo say they have been forced to flee their homes because of air strikes by government forces.
A man who was crushed to death by a hoist at a Lincolnshire hospital has been cleared of causing his death.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has called on the government to make religious education compulsory in all schools in England.
A large fire has broken out in a block of flats in Londonderry.
A plan to split Oxfordshire into two separate councils has been backed by councillors.
National League side Reading have signed defender Angus MacDonald on a season-long loan deal.
The Co-operative Bank has reported a drop in profits for the first half of the year.
Nato warships are taking part in an operation to hunt for submarines in the English Channel.
A rocket carrying cargo for the International Space Station (ISS) has crashed into a beach in Florida.
A woman accused of hitting Jeremy Vine in the head with a fork has told a court she was "shocked" by his behaviour.
The impact of a giant asteroid on the Earth has been described as a "miracle" by scientists.
A South African politician has resigned after being charged with assaulting a woman at a music festival.
Ireland beat Poland 3-0 to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
A seabed on the Isle of Wight has been spotted for the first time in more than a decade.
An Indian artist has died at the age of 83, his family says.
British Cycling chief executive Paul Brailsford has said he does not believe the organisation has a "culture of fear".
Proposals to make abortion illegal in Northern Ireland have been published.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the biggest challenges facing exam boards in England.
Real Madrid's Zinedine Zidane has been banned from football for three years.
A new road in Somerset has been officially opened after more than a year of delays.
Peterborough United striker Jack Maddison is "one of the best players in the Premier League", says manager Paul McCann.
The timetable for the closure of police control rooms in Aberdeen and Inverness has been revised.
Uefa striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he has no regrets about missing out on a World Cup semi-final with Portugal.
Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza has been shot dead by gunmen in the capital, Bujumbura, police say.
American actress Gina Vergara has become the highest-paid actress on the Forbes list of the world's best-paid actresses.
Thousands of Nepalese people have been forced to flee their homes after a powerful earthquake hit the country.
Cuban President Raul Castro has accused US President Donald Trump of trying to "destroy" the country's democracy.
Oscar-winning actor Peter Tennant has said he had to wait until the end of the season to see a new play about King George VI.
The US Secret Service needs to improve security at President Barack Obama's White House, according to a report.
Gibraltar could remain part of the European Union after the UK voted to leave the bloc, the country's foreign minister has said.
Passengers on Arriva Trains Wales have begun a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
Paraguay's President Oscar Pistorius has said he will not stand for re-election.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has met Russian President Vladimir Putin to discuss the Ukraine crisis.
Islamic State (IS) militants have recaptured the Syrian town of Dumeir from government forces, activists say.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Mark Allen in the final of the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational.
The Welsh Conservative leader has said he has no idea what the NHS will look like in Wales by the end of the decade.
The number of women killed by ex-partners has more than doubled in Wales, a charity has said.
The number of graduate students in the world is set to rise sharply in the next decade, according to a new report.
More than 1,000 bank staff are to be trained in how to catch fraudsters.
Voters in Ealing are being asked to choose their preferred candidate in the general election.
Six Ospreys players have taken part in a recycling project in Swansea.
Flooding at Heathrow Airport has left some passengers unable to get off the aircraft.
West Ham have signed Mexico striker Javier Hernandez for an undisclosed fee.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the history of the world's most famous theatre.
Swansea City Council has accepted a takeover offer for the Premier League club.
Qatari Premier League side QPR have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for abusive conduct during their 2-1 defeat by Tottenham.
Sam Barclay says he is relishing the prospect of playing for Scarlets in the Six Nations final.
A former soldier from Londonderry has said he is "hopeful" he will be prosecuted for involvement in Bloody Sunday.
Chinese social media users have reacted angrily to a report that a Chinese boy has been arrested for begging in Dubai.
The chief executive of the BBC has said he is open to the idea of scrapping the BBC Three television channel.
Plans for a new biomass power station have been given the go-ahead.
More than 100 African-American men and women who served in the Royal Navy during World War Two have been reunited with their families.
Great Britain's women's football team should be allowed to compete at the Olympics, says head coach Sam Allardyce.
One of Breckenridge's rarest birds, the curling curle curle, has returned to the Brecon Brecon farm.
Former Scottish Labour leader Joachim Lamont has resigned.
Japan's Softbank has bought ARM Holdings, the UK's biggest microchip firm, for an undisclosed sum.
Edinburgh City reached the second round of the Scottish League Cup with a 2-1 victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
The number of people leaving the workforce in England and Wales has more than doubled in the last decade, according to a report by the TUC.
A hospital in Coventry has been closed after it was found to have inadequate fire safety.
A man has been charged with attempted murder following a bomb attack at a police station in Dungannon.
Christmas stamps have been released to mark the 100th anniversary of the Great Fire of London.
Mobile phone company Carphone has said it has been targeted by a cyber-thieves who stole customers' credit card details.
Hundreds of students have taken part in a training class in memory of a former prisoner who died during World War Two.
A video of a mother accused of murdering her two-year-old son has been shown to a court.
The Department of Health is facing a £10bn shortfall in its NHS accounts, according to new figures.
David Cameron's plans to ban workers from claiming benefits from the European Union have been criticised by some Conservative MPs.
Former world champion Michael LeMond says Lance Armstrong should be stripped of his Tour de France title.
Swiss authorities say they have found no evidence that money from a state-owned investment fund has been misused.
The name of a County Londonderry council has been used for more than 30 years.
Veteran actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Coronation Street and Chuggington, has died.
Mad Max: Fury Road has opened at the top of the US box office for the first time.
Microsoft has revealed details of its next generation console, the Scorpio.
A Labour MP has resigned following a series of social media posts about the Israeli leader, Ehud Olmert.
Roald Dahl is one of the most famous authors in the world.
Burger chain Pret A Manger has announced it is to offer free meals to unemployed workers.
Torquay United's takeover of the League Two club has been approved by the club's board of directors, according to chairman Steve Nicholson.
The winner of this year's BBC National Short Story competition has been announced.
Huge numbers of oceanic sharks have been attacked in the Red Sea.
A three-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee.
A concert has been held in the Scottish capital, Edinburgh, in memory of those affected by the earthquake in Nepal.
More than 1,000 farmers have taken part in a rally in Edinburgh to protest against the government's handling of farm payments.
Leicestershire captain Alastair Cook has had a difficult start to his international career.
The UK's former ambassador to Afghanistan has said he is "disappointed" by recent attacks in the country.
If you're in the middle of a thunderstorm, be prepared.
The High Court has adjourned a hearing on the sale of the Formula 1 team to Renault.
Northamptonshire maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with victory over Essex.
Wigan Warriors head coach Wayne O'Loughlin says he is "very happy" to have Wayne Rooney as head coach.
Women's Super League One champions Yeovil Town suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a 1-1 draw in the first game of the Women's Super Series.
A man has told an inquiry he was abused at a Jersey care home by a former governor.
A County Londonderry woman who was shot in the head during a church service has said she wants to speak to other Christians.
Fiji rugby legend Pat Matavesi has died at the age of 90, his family has confirmed.
The bodies of a woman and a man have been found at a house in Renfrewshire.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Some of the staff at Coral's FOBTs betting shops have told the BBC they have been told to stop playing the game.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Aldershot Town midfielder Michael Straker on a season-long loan.
Three people have been arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack.
In the wake of last week's attack on a Buddhist shrine in the capital, Bangkok, the Thai government has said that the attack was a "mistake".
A police officer has been jailed for three years for sexually assaulting a female colleague.
The mayor of London has apologised after a video emerged showing him riding a bike with his wife on the back.
Police are investigating a spate of sex attacks on women in Northern Ireland.
The chancellor of the United States, George Osborne, has been talking about the economy for the first time.
A rare Burundian osprey has been moved to a new enclosure at a London zoo.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Swindon came from behind to beat Walsall.
A new network of CCTV cameras at Denbighshire's police stations has been approved.
Malawi and Mauritius have reached the second round of the Confederation of African Football (CHAN) qualifiers.
Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has said the country will never accept a nuclear deal with the US.
A Texas university's vice-chancellor has defended a law banning students from carrying guns on campus.
UKIP MEP Steven Woolfe has been stripped of his nomination for the party's leadership contest.
League Two side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Jones on a season-long loan deal.
A former teacher from Dumfries and Galloway has been banned from teaching for three years.
A man who posted anti-Muslim messages on his Facebook page has had his licence revoked.
Paralympic boxer Arseniy Vardanian has been cleared of doping after failing a drugs test.
Cardiff City manager Paul Pilkington says his side are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs this season.
A man who stalked a woman for more than a year has been found guilty of her murder.
Lord Strathclyde has resigned as Speaker of the House of Lords.
The owner of a sandwich shop in County Tyrone has been placed into administration.
The chief executive of Japanese electronics firm Dentsu has resigned.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife in their Cheltenham home, a court has heard.
At least eight people have been killed in a suicide attack on a bus in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a public consultation on the potential location of a nuclear waste disposal site.
Google's chief executive, Eric Schmidt, has called on the UK government to change its tax system.
Mozambique is one of the world's poorest countries and has a long history of civil war.
One of the stars of the hit TV show Maidstone has been diagnosed with breast cancer.
George Main's second-half equaliser earned Southend victory over Oldham Athletic.
Sir Sidney Kidman & Co, one of Australia's largest cattle producers, has been put up for sale.
League One side Shrewsbury Town suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Bury.
Prince Harry has visited the Caribbean island of Guyana for the first time.
A man has been shot in the leg in Londonderry.
One of the country's most powerful families, the Ampatuans, has gone on trial in the Philippines.
It's been a week since the Greek debt crisis began, and I'm still not sure what to make of it.
Workers on the London Underground have voted to accept a new pay deal.
Swansea City's former chairman has died at the age of 83.
Motherwell striker Lee Alexander and Hearts defender Lee Gallacher have been ruled out for the rest of the season with injuries.
A bid to buy Bradford Bulls has been rejected by the Rugby Football Union.
A British soldier who was shot dead in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence.
A record number of fires have broken out in parts of the Highlands in the past week, according to a new report.
Women are the most powerful people in the UK, according to a new list.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan and world number one Mark Higgins have reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Open.
Prince Harry has said he wants to "make a difference" in the fight against HIV.
Transport for London (TfL) has suspended a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay.
Samsung has won a US court ruling against a ban on the sale of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.
League Two side Trinity Wildcats have signed Newcastle Falcons winger Tyler Williams on a season-long loan deal.
Saudi Arabia's richest man, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal bin Abdulaziz al-Waleed, has bought a controlling stake in Twitter.
More than half of UK sport coaches say they have experienced sexism, according to a survey by BBC Sport.
A collection of Dalmatians from Doctor Who has gone on show in London for the first time.
Former Rangers owner Mike Ashley has lost a legal battle with the club over a controversial deal.
The former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Elderwood has said he is concerned about the future of the Northern Ireland Executive.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a block of flats in Edinburgh.
The first flight of Boeing's new 787 Dreamliner has taken place in Kenya.
London-based graffiti artists have been given permission to use the Arabic language in a TV series about the Middle East.
Sprinter Sacre, one of Britain's most successful jockeys, has died at the age of 90.
The pilots' union has called for the release of the cockpit voice recorder of the Puma Puma fighter jet that crashed last year.
The North East is one of the most important parts of the UK's political landscape.
A man has died after taking heroin in Caerphilly county.
Japan's Domino's Pizza has agreed to buy Australia's largest pizza chain, Joey's Pizza, for an undisclosed sum.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a bus driver was found dead at a house in north Wales.
A man has been charged with historical sex offences.
A former vice-president of the world governing body Fifa has pleaded guilty to corruption charges.
It's been a busy week for the US presidential campaign.
Two of Scotland's most famous women have spoken of their shock at being caught up in a "witch hunt" by police.
A British man who travelled to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State (IS) has been jailed for more than a year.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the death of a man whose body was found at a quarry.
As Theresa May prepares to go to the Commons for the first time since becoming prime minister, there is a sense of unease in the Conservative Party.
The Football Association is the governing body of the Premier League.
Wales' manifesto for the 2015 general election has been described as the "most radical" in the country's history.
Bangladesh beat England by eight wickets in the first Test in Chittagong to take control of the second Test in Dhaka.
The International Energy Agency (IEA) has warned that the impact of climate change on the rest of the world is "unprecedented".
Wales scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby at the end of the season.
Former WWE world champion Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 83.
The UK's biggest export market, the European Union, has been hit by the Brexit vote.
GPs in England and Wales are being paid to cut unnecessary hospital referrals, a BBC investigation has found.
West Ham striker Diafra Sakho will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has said he will not continue to host the BBC's Top Gear.
Plans for a new bus service in Bristol have been put on hold because of a lack of funding.
Olympic gold medallist Adam Davies has broken his personal best in the men's 400m hurdles at the US Indoor Athletics Championships.
It was one of the most memorable days of her life.
When Japanese entrepreneur Naoki Makiura began working as a teacher in Rwanda in 2011, he had no idea what he was doing.
Championship side Sheffield United have re-signed former Blackburn Rovers defender David Baxter on a two-year deal.
The Bank of England (BofE) has announced that it will continue to provide loans to commercial banks.
A Canadian woman has won $1m (Â£1m) in the Canadian National Lottery.
A legal challenge to a ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland has been dismissed.
A bull has been named after a soldier who died last year.
Joe Parkin's second-half equaliser earned Cheltenham victory over fellow strugglers Forest Green Rovers.
A man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Paralympic cyclist Matt Kennedy has won the Manx Tour for the first time in his career.
Eilish McColgan says she is ready to take on the role of a Terminator.
Edinburgh scrum-half Matt Dickinson says his side's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Six Nations are on the line.
The brother of one of the victims of the London Bridge terror attacks has told the BBC that he has no idea who he is.
Young people in the Republic of Ireland should be encouraged to engage with politics, says one of the country's leading politicians.
Scottish energy firm Powergrid has launched a new way of buying energy.
US Senator John McCain has arrived in the Syrian capital, Damascus, for talks with opposition leaders.
British number one Johanna Konta has reached the semi-finals of Wimbledon for the first time.
A West Lothian teenager who has been battling cancer for more than a year has died.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has been announced as the host of this year's Strictly Come Dancing festival.
The number of underage drinkers in the Highlands has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, a charity has said.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants say they have lost control of the city of Mosul.
China's environment minister has said the country needs to do more to tackle environmental pollution.
A cat has been rescued from the rubble of a house in the Italian city of Pietro.
Eurozone leaders have reacted angrily to Greece's vote to leave the European Union.
Archaeologists have begun excavating the remains of a medieval Abbey in Reading.
A Welsh actor has won the best actor award at the Welsh Television Awards.
The Mexican Football Federation (Fifa) has said it is considering disciplinary action against the goalkeeper who kicks the ball.
One of the world's leading experts in the art world has called for an end to the war in Syria.
Mae ffoadur ar gyfer yn dalu am gyfieithwyr a chostau teithio.
World number one Roger Federer will face world number one Novak Djokovic in the first round of the US Open.
Australia's largest winemaker, KKR, has submitted a takeover bid for the world's largest bottling company.
Crusaders maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Linfield.
One of the world's rarest and most famous volcanic clouds, known as the Kinkus, has been discovered in Norway.
The number of cold calls in the UK has reached a record high, according to the Citizens Advice Bureau.
Britain's Chris Chilton won the Indianapolis 500 for the first time since the death of world champion Jules Bianchi.
Children with dementia are being given the chance to play a new virtual reality game.
The family of a British serviceman who went missing more than two weeks ago have said they are "devastated" by his disappearance.
More than 1,000 Sports Direct workers have taken part in a protest against the retailer's use of zero-hours contracts.
High and extremely high-risk areas of Lambeth should be offered HIV testing, according to a new report.
What do you do if you want to take over BHS?
A growing number of drivers are taking drugs to ease their workload, a BBC investigation has found.
It has been a year since the last of the so-called Islamic State (IS) fighters left the Syrian city of Homs.
Mashkel, a town in the western Pakistani province of Sistan-Balochistan, has been devastated by a devastating earthquake.
Six men have been charged in Saudi Arabia with spying for the Islamic State (IS) militant group.
Scunthorpe United have signed striker Jack Watson on loan until the end of the season.
A man from Gloucestershire has become the first person in the world to swim the length of a river.
The Speaker of the Scottish Parliament, Peter Slipper, has resigned.
Belfast is one of Northern Ireland's most popular tourist destinations.
Teenage vlogger Tom Sjodka says he wants to make money on YouTube.
The chief executive of Redrow has said it is "impossible" to increase the number of new homes built in England.
England scrum-half Sam Hall says his side's Six Nations defeat by Australia at Twickenham was a "wake-up call".
Last week, Johanna Robson was on her way to the US Open for the first time since her wrist injury.
A police officer has been charged with misconduct in public office.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach.
Ireland have offered a new head coach to the West Indies.
Plans for a new tourist attraction in Nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead.
League Two side Colchester United have signed striker Sam Allardyce on loan until the end of the season.
Great Britain's Laura McColgan has broken Laura Muir's world record in the women's 10,000m hurdles.
Three former top Argentine police officers have gone on trial accused of running a secret detention centre in the 1980s.
England captain Alastair Cook says he is confident his side can beat England in the first Test in Cardiff.
Plans to demolish a Victorian building in Cardiff have been approved by councillors.
Human-made minerals have been discovered on the surface of the Earth for thousands of years, say scientists.
A 13-year-old boy in Malaysia has died after his twin became a "parasite", local media report.
A record 13 Scottish athletes have been selected to represent Great Britain at the World Championships in London.
A Lancashire school has apologised after a student posted an online message saying he was a gun-wielding man.
Australian police are warning young women to stop travelling to Syria to join so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Mark Stoneman's first-class century of the season helped Durham beat Warwickshire by eight wickets on day two at Chester-le-Street.
A UK exit from the European Union would have a "catastrophic" impact on the UK economy, according to a ratings agency.
Australia captain David Warner has been suspended for the rest of the World Twenty20 with immediate effect.
Former police and fire officers in Wales have been awarded more than £1m in compensation after a legal challenge.
One of the most important parts of a cell's structure is how it communicates with other cells, a study suggests.
Defending champion Johanna Konta reached the second round of the French Open for the first time with a straight-set victory over Novak Djokovic.
The US has opened a new embassy in Cuba for the first time since the end of the Cuban revolution in 1959.
Bristol City maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a hard-fought victory over fellow strugglers Bristol Rovers.
The Oculus Rift virtual reality headset has gone on sale in the US.
Qatar's richest man says he is worried about the future of its water supplies.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Italy, where he is due to meet French President Francois Hollande.
EastEnders has announced it is to introduce a new generation of ethnic minority characters to West Yorkshire.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at what we need to know about the UK's drought.
The Conservatives have taken control of Northamptonshire Council.
"I don't know what I'm going to do with my life, but I'm not sure what I'll do with it."
Crystal Palace have signed former Crystal Palace striker Matt Ritchie and Bournemouth striker Matt Gayle for an undisclosed fee.
A Ceredigion bus company has gone into administration.
A woman who was beaten to death by a man with a hammer has told a court she thought he had killed her.
Huddersfield maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over fellow Championship strugglers Brighton.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his wife at their home in South Lanarkshire.
The Metropolitan Police's chief constable has said the number of firearms officers in the force is at an all-time low.
A shopping centre has been evacuated after a fire broke out.
A Cornish MP has apologised after posting a post on social media suggesting he had type 1 diabetes.
The French film Suite Francaise, based on the novel by Lucianne Nemirovsky, has been released in cinemas.
Firefighters have tackled a huge blaze at an industrial estate in Kent.
British number one Johanna Konta will defend her Aegon Championships title at Queen's Club in London.
Two crew members have been taken to hospital after a cargo ship capsized in rough seas off Cornwall.
In our series of letters from African journalists, US President-elect Donald Trump and European Council President Jean-Claude Juncker have discussed the importance of the European Union.
League One side Liverpool have signed Burnley defender Alex Ngoo on loan until the end of the season.
Residents in a remote Australian town have been told to leave their homes after a huge fire broke out.
An inquest into the death of a 13-year-old boy who was found unresponsive at a school in West Yorkshire has been adjourned.
The number of savers in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade.
The number of cannabis farms in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to a new report.
A man who made a giant jigsaw puzzle for a children's nursery in Norfolk has been given the go-ahead to put it together.
A 13-year-old boy has died after being hit by a car during a rally in Inverness.
The Welsh government's children's commissioners are to meet in Cardiff to discuss the future of the Welsh language.
A man who threw a bottle of milk into a Tesco store has been fined £1,000.
Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has been named the BBC's Northern Ireland Spotlight of the Year.
Thousands of Croatian Jews are boycotting a ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz death camp.
Manchester United have signed Borussia Monchengladbach striker Januzaj on a season-long loan.
Hearts have agreed to increase the amount of money raised by supporters to help fund the club's stand-off.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says striker Samir Berahino is fit enough to play again this season.
Saracens will face Exeter Chiefs in the semi-finals of the Anglo-Welsh Cup.
The mother of a man who was beaten to death by a convicted rapist has said she is "devastated" by his actions.
England women beat New Zealand to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Rugby World Cup.
A pilot has been cleared of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a plane during a training exercise.
A large fire has broken out in County Londonderry.
A man has been jailed for five years after being found guilty of sexually abusing children in video games.
One of the most successful bands in the world, Oh Wonder, was born in London in 2013.
A six-year-old boy has been told he cannot eat a cucumber because of a spelling error.
A mother has been charged with child neglect after her three-year-old daughter was left in the back of a car.
A man has been punched in the face during a speech at the University of Aberdeen.
Algeria reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Qatar.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side can reach the Europa League quarter-finals for the first time.
More than 1,000 teachers in Wales are to be given the chance to improve their teaching and learning.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says it is not "a waste of time" to focus on winning trophies.
A body has been found at a recycling depot in Swindon.
UKIP MEPs have been asked to submit their nomination papers for the party's leadership contest.
Aberdeen midfielder Paul Sheerin has signed a new three-year contract with the League Two club.
Police in Northern Ireland are to set up new community policing teams in the coming months.
Former New Orleans Saints and Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Michael Polamamu has announced he will retire from football at 33.
A man has pleaded not guilty to the manslaughter of a rugby player who died after being hit by a car.
The men's and women's final of the World Snooker Championships will take place in London on Saturday.
Anthony Diogo's second-half equaliser earned Hull City victory over Exeter City in the Championship play-off final.
Plans to demolish a Denbighshire primary school have been approved.
The trial of former Rangers owner David Whyte has been adjourned until the end of the year.
Alex Denton's first-half goal gave Luton Town victory over Leeds in the League Two play-off final.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has become the first person to be sentenced to life in prison.
League Two side Orient Orient have appointed former West Bromwich Albion assistant manager Paul Edwards as their new manager.
A mother-of-two who died after her son was hit by a car has called for tougher sentences for drink-driving.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted at a house in Antrim.
England all-rounder Jason Roy says he did not realise he had reached his highest international score until the third day of the third ODI against Sri Lanka.
Wales scrum-half Rhys Owens says he is happy to be back in the starting line-up after suffering a neck injury.
Worcestershire captain Alastair Cook hit his first first-class century of the season on day two of the County Championship match against Essex.
A man accused of plotting an attack on Manchester city centre has told a court he was inspired by al-Qaeda's leader, Nadia Naseer.
Russia has cut the size of its military force in Syria, the country's defence ministry says.
World number one Alexander Zverev reached the semi-finals of the French Open for the first time with a straight-set victory over world number one Karolina Pliskova.
A piece of debris has been found in a river in the Brazilian city of Recife.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of plotting to kill British soldiers.
A woman who had sex with a student has had her sentence cut to three years.
At least eight people have been killed after a building collapsed in the Spanish island of Aragon.
St Johnstone suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Lithuanian side Trakai in the Europa League semi-finals.
A petition calling for the UK government to cut holiday prices has been signed by more than 1,000 people.
Prison workers in England and Wales are being asked to take part in a ballot in a bid to save money.
Championship side Fulham have signed Belgian striker Cypriot for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Donald Trump has been a controversial figure in the US presidential race.
One of Germany's most famous artists, Cornelius Gurlitt, has died at the age of 90.
Stagecoach has announced plans to buy more than 1,000 new buses and coaches over the next five years.
Granada have been relegated from La Liga for the second time in three seasons after losing to Espanyol.
A motorbike and a car have been involved in a crash in Powys.
Derby County Council has said it will invest more than £1m in a new indoor swimming pool.
A London-based Islamic State (IS) school has changed its name to Isis.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
People with hearing loss in South Africa are being urged to use a smartphone app to diagnose the problem.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man whose body was found at a house in Essex.
Britain's Andy Murray has been ruled out for the rest of the year with a hip injury.
Denmark's right-wing bloc has won a majority of seats in the country's parliament.
A collection of works by Welsh author Arthur Machen has been put up for sale in Newport.
A Pembrokeshire man has broken his ban on playing the bagpipes.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a party.
Women in the UK are at increased risk of contracting malaria, a leading charity has said.
The Green Party has unveiled its manifesto for the 2015 general election.
A draft of Labour's manifesto for the general election has been leaked.
As Plaid Cymru's new leader, Carwyn Wood, looks set to be the first woman to lead the party in Wales.
Employment growth in the UK has slowed in the last three months, according to a new report.
Championship side Edinburgh Blaze have signed former Scotland international Liam Williams on a two-year deal.
Championship club Hereford United will remain in the Conference Premier until the end of the season, the club's owners have confirmed.
Police in the Indian city of Bangalore have arrested a man suspected of murdering his wife and cutting her head off.
Two foreigners kidnapped in Bangladesh last year have been freed, the Bangladeshi government says.
The mother of a six-year-old boy who died in a fire has appeared in court charged with his murder.
UN human rights investigators say they have compiled a list of alleged war criminals in Syria.
A former clergyman has told a court he tried to hypnotise a group of boys by hypnotising them into sex.
A man and his wife have appeared in court charged with trying to fund the Islamic State (IS) group.
A cargo ship has arrived in Londonderry after being grounded for more than a week.
Plans to regenerate Swansea's waterfront have been approved by Swansea City Council.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a nationwide protest against water bills in the Republic of Ireland.
Josh Taylor's trainer says he is "very excited" about the prospect of making him a world champion.
Archaeologists in South Africa say they have discovered a treasure trove of artefacts dating back to the Bronze Age.
The Republic of Ireland's economy grew by 0.5% in the three months to the end of March, official figures show.
Leeds is set to become the first city in the world to allow people to use the city centre.
Abertay University has been named the best university in the world for computer games.
In the wake of the Scottish independence referendum, there was a palpable sense of euphoria.
A British man has died in Thailand, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
Great Britain reached the semi-finals of the Rio Olympics with a 2-1 victory over Argentina.
Derby County have been left without a striker for the rest of the season because of a hamstring injury.
Two men have been charged with the manslaughter of a woman whose body was found at a Lancashire takeaway.
A Cardiff council worker has been found guilty of stealing more than £1,000 from her mother's bank account.
A Cardiff-based software firm has been awarded a £1.5m contract by the Welsh government.
North Korea has carried out a military exercise in South Korea, accusing South Korea of trying to overthrow President Park Geun-hye.
Thousands of Afghans have taken to the streets of Kabul to protest against Iran's blockade of fuel supplies.
The BBC's Planet Earth II series has created a database of the world's most important trees.
Ospreys scrum-half Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out for the rest of the World Cup with a broken leg.
French justice minister Marie-Claude Goulard has resigned after being accused of corruption.
US comic book illustrator Steve Dillon, best known for his work on the Preacher comic series, has died.
Spain's Sergio Garcia and Jordan Spieth share the lead after the first round of the Masters at Augusta National.
Astronomers say they have discovered a new pattern of bright spots on the dwarf planet Ceres.
A man has admitted causing the death of a motorcyclist by careless driving.
Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United Arab Emirates, Prince Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, has announced a new alliance to fight terrorism.
Alexei Slutsky has resigned as head coach of the Russian national team after failing to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
Bristol Rovers have signed defender Matt Broom on a season-long loan deal.
England all-rounder David Warner has been banned for six months for "unbecoming behaviour" towards Australia batsman Joe Root.
Plans for a safari safari park have been approved by councillors.
A 14-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl has been shot in the head in the southern Pakistani city of Peshawar.
Scotland's chief medical officer has been appointed to lead a review into how health services are measured.
A doctor who defrauded a patient out of more than £10,000 has been cleared of fraud.
A former leader of Bangladesh's main opposition party has been sentenced to life in prison for war crimes committed during World War Two.
Ian Wakefield and James Keogh hit centuries as Leicestershire beat Northamptonshire by eight wickets in a rain-affected second day at Chester-le-Street.
The winner of this year's St David's Day awards has been announced.
A Polish-language film set in the middle of the Rhondda Cynon Taff has won a major international film award.
Five men have been charged with slavery offences.
An Australian man has been dressing up as Darth Vader for the latest Star Wars film, Rogue One.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Rangers have completed the signing of former West Bromwich Albion midfielder David Dorrans for an undisclosed fee.
A lifeboat crew from Portadown, County Antrim, has been rescued after their boat capsized.
A man has been jailed for life for causing the death of a nine-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
Human remains have been found in the remains of a 13-year-old girl who was murdered in Dundee in 1957.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced a freeze on university fees.
The new series of Atlantis has gone on the air for the first time in more than a decade.
Online shoppers are expected to spend more than £1m on Black Friday, according to industry figures.
The US space agency's Curiosity rover has landed on Mars for the first time.
More than a third of children in England have not been offered their first choice of primary school, official figures show.
A new exhibition celebrating the achievements of some of the UK's most famous figures has opened in Hull.
World number one Jason Hatton shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the BMW PGA Championship.
A three-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a dog in a public place.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has launched a campaign to sell Lego toys to children across the world.
Former world champion Danica Zubica says he will never be able to drive in Formula 1 again.
Former Strictly Come Dancing stars Jodie Foster and Jenny Jones have been added to the line-up for the new series of the show.
Partick Thistle have signed former Manchester United and Newcastle United midfielder Yann Rras on loan until the end of the season.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has resigned as prime minister.
Too many young people are using their mobile phones during the day, a study suggests.
One of the world's most famous cars has sold for more than $1m (£1m) at auction in London.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to kill a customer at a takeaway.
The reintroduction of lynx to parts of the UK would have a "massive impact" on wildlife, a wildlife charity has said.
John Lewis has opened its Edinburgh headquarters for the first time.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed Norwich City midfielder Alex Huws on loan until the end of the season.
Tributes have been paid to England international Zoe Tynanan who died after being hit by a bus.
A Kenyan student who was shot dead by gunmen in the capital, Addis Ababa, has told the BBC she feared for her life.
A man who travelled to Syria to join the Islamic State group has been jailed for three years.
A senior member of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group has been captured in Iraq, US media report.
The shortlist for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year has been announced.
Harry Potter actress Hermione Granger has been confirmed as a black actress.
Former X Factor contestant Christopher Wiggins has been forced out of Celebrity Big Brother, the BBC has confirmed.
The Danish government has changed the way cancer patients are treated.
Dozens of people have been evacuated from an Inverclyde beach after a suspected unexploded World War Two mine was found.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has called for the world governing body to host the 2022 World Cup.
Championship side Notts County have appointed John Eustusto as their new manager.
The bells of St Mary's Cathedral in London have been recreated for the first time.
Work is under way to restore a former university building in Reading.
England scrum-half Alex Vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a knee injury.
Part of a railway line in Powys has been closed due to flooding, Network Rail has said.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death outside a nightclub.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has been sacked by the club.
A group of humpback whales have been found washed up on a beach in the Belgian city of La Rochelle.
Plans for a new car park at a Kent hospital have been approved by a councillor.
Passengers trying to reach the UK via the Eurotunnel terminal in Calais have been told to expect delays of up to three hours.
India's women have dropped out of the workforce for the first time in more than a decade.
Premier League leaders Leicester will be without three of their top-flight players for the first time this season.
An Antrim County Antrim MP has been cleared of harassing a 14-year-old girl.
The head teacher of a primary school that has been closed for more than two weeks has been replaced.
Glasgow head coach Gregor Murray says his side are capable of reaching the Pro12 final for the first time.
A man has died following a crash on the M4 in Flintshire.
West Brom striker Issa Berahino has been fined £1,000 for drink-driving.
French actress Jean-Marie Lebeau, best known for her role in the romantic comedy Casablanca, has died at the age of 83.
Stoke City defender Jack Crosscross has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a foot injury.
Spain's main opposition candidate has won the second round of the country's presidential election.
The England team have arrived in Bangladesh for their first one-day international against Bangladesh.
Thousands of emails belonging to US government agencies have been stolen by hackers, a security firm has said.
The UK government will hold talks with the Northern Ireland and Northern Ireland governments to discuss the UK's exit from the EU, Brexit Secretary Liam Davis has said.
Dundee Stars will face Sheffield Steelers in Sunday's Elite League play-off final after beating Dundee Stars 2-1 in the semi-final.
Olympic bronze medallist Hannah Smith says she is ready to compete for Great Britain at the European Championships in Norway.
Liverpool are in talks with Premier League clubs over the future of striker Sadio Mane.
Dundee Museum has opened to the public for the first time.
Tens of thousands of people have marched through Venice to protest against a rise in the number of tourists.
A man and a woman have been jailed after being found guilty of illegally dumping rubbish in a Surrey street.
Five British soldiers have been killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed.
The Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has visited China for the first time.
Jenny Yau has become Hong Kong's first openly pro-independence politician in more than a decade.
Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford scored twice as his side reached the semi-finals of the Europa League.
A growing number of African countries have introduced new laws to clamp down on cybercrime.
More than half of people in the UK believe politicians are telling lies, a think tank has said.
Welsh voters are being urged to vote for the Conservatives in the general election.
British number one Johanna Konta says she is "very proud" to represent Great Britain at Wimbledon.
Barcelona have signed former Real Madrid midfielder Paulinho from Chinese side Evergrande for an undisclosed fee.
Water has been restored to a number of properties in Yorkshire following a water main problem.
A popular children's holiday attraction has been forced to close.
Wales' First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she does not want to become a UKIP MEP.
Ghana's health ministry says it is working to end a controversial scheme that allows nurses to work in private hospitals.
The father of a man who died after being attacked by a herd of cattle has said he is "devastated" by the recent spate of incidents.
Comedian Simon Cowell has said he was "lucky to be alive" after a van was stolen from a theatre in Liverpool.
Wayne Rooney has signed a new three-year contract with Manchester United that will keep him at Old Trafford until 2019.
Plymouth Argyle striker Chris Hartley says he thought he had been knocked out of the League Two play-off semi-final with Portsmouth.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index has closed at a record high for the first time in more than two years.
Australian energy firm Woodside Energy has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
In our series of letters from technology journalists, we look at how small businesses are dealing with cybercrime.
Police in Scotland will no longer be allowed to search children or young people under the age of 18 under new laws.
A section of the Borders rail line has reopened after being closed for more than two hours.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (WRU) says it is "hopeful" more Welsh rugby players will be caught for drugs offences.
Pope Francis has apologised for referring to the Armenian genocide as genocide.
Former world champion Lance Armstrong should be allowed to return to the sport, says former world champion Paul Walsh.
If you're going to go to Glastonbury this weekend, you might want to get your hands on a stainless steel cup.
Two RAF helicopters have been deployed to Inverness to carry out more than 1,000 search and rescue operations.
Manchester City have been fined £10,000 by the Football Association for failing to comply with anti-doping rules.
Romania's lower house of parliament has passed a motion of no confidence in Prime Minister Victor Ponta.
Sky has apologised for problems with its broadband services in parts of England and Wales.
Parliament's security arrangements are "inadequate", the Metropolitan Police has said.
A treatment for a rare form of leukaemia has been found to be safe and effective, a study suggests.
A backpacker who was stabbed to death at a backpacker's home in Australia has been named by police.
Barcelona striker Luis Suarez says his side's Champions League quarter-final defeat by Atletico Madrid was a "disgrace".
A film-maker from County Tyrone is hoping to become the first person in the world to make a video game.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences in the French capital, Paris.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has long been a supporter of early Day Motions.
Longford is a small town in the midlands of County Londonderry.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow, the Foreign Office has said.
A Scottish military medal has been awarded to a World War Two warship for its role in the sinking of a German warship.
MPs have called for a review of the use of fixed-point betting machines in England and Wales.
Ethiopia's longest-running marathon runner has announced his retirement.
Japan's richest man, Shigeru Kita, has bought the Financial Times for an undisclosed sum.
Barcelona striker Luis Suarez has been allowed to train and play for the first time since his ban from international football was overturned.
Kilmarnock have signed Lithuanian striker Tomasz Szernas on a two-year deal.
The US National Football League (USSF) has said it will introduce new rules to protect children from head injuries.
Sky has rejected a takeover offer from Rupert Murdoch's Fox Sports Group.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation.
Two men have been arrested in connection with a robbery at a post office in Londonderry.
More than 1,000 teenagers have taken part in the Dartmoor Tondo challenge.
The UK's largest bank, Nama, is in the midst of a major shake-up of its Northern Ireland loan portfolio.
The family of a man who died after falling into a lake have paid tribute to him.
Police are investigating allegations of historical sexual abuse at a school in Inverness.
Tributes have been paid to former Newcastle United midfielder Vincent Tiote, who died at the age of 28.
Japan's Nikkei index has closed lower for the second day in a row, as investors remain cautious ahead of the Greek election.
US smartphone maker Blackberry has reported a net loss of $1.2bn (£1.1bn) for the first half of the year.
Aberdeen-based energy firm Proserv has won two major contracts to develop new subsea control systems.
A 1% pay cap should be imposed on teachers' pay in England and Wales, the National Union of Teachers (NUT) has said.
The European Parliament has voted overwhelmingly in favour of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD).
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi croesawu casgliadau ar arfordir y DU yn Abertawe.
Liverpool's mayor has said he does not support a referendum on a council tax rise.
The United Nations has called on the US government to cut the amount of corn it produces.
The shape of a glass can make it harder for people to finish a drink, according to a study.
League Two side Morecambe have signed striker Sam Dugdale and midfielder Jack Cole on loan until the end of the season.
A crowdfunding website has been shut down after it failed to reach its $100,000 goal for a new video game.
A man accused of carrying out last year's Boston Marathon bombings has told a court that his body was covered in blood.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the striking NHS workers in England and Wales.
A lesbian couple have filed a lawsuit against a Louisiana funeral parlour, claiming it discriminated against gay people.
A virtual reality tour of some of Nottingham's most famous caves has been launched.
A mother who left her baby in a car for more than three hours has been found guilty of manslaughter, an inquest has heard.
Scientists have discovered a new way to stop cancer spreading in the body.
Worcestershire's Jade Brunt took four wickets as the Perth Thunder beat Melbourne Renegades by eight wickets in the Women's Big Bash League.
Scotland's newspapers are split over the outcome of the Dundee and Hamilton council elections.
A Victorian home once owned by the late author Helen Bell has been put up for sale.
Former Russian Prime Minister Alexander Khodorkovsky has said he would like to return to Russia to fight against the regime of President Vladimir Putin.
Cladding on high-rise buildings in London has failed to meet safety standards, the prime minister has said.
North Korea has launched a new high-quality alcohol, believed to be the best in the world.
Newcastle Falcons head coach Paul Richards says his side's defence needs to improve if they are to avoid relegation from the Premiership.
A seven-year-old boy has been left stranded on a bus in Pembrokeshire for three days.
Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement could have a "significant impact" on global warming, a study suggests.
The body of a soldier who died during a cross-country exercise was found on a hillside, an inquest has heard.
Google is working on a new way to detect cancer in the blood.
Ghana coach Paul Grant says he has no problem with fans criticising his side's performance in the Africa Cup of Nations.
League Two side Morecambe have signed striker Jordan Edwards on a season-long loan deal.
A woman who stole more than £20,000 from a disabled man has been jailed for five years.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has said he wants a 48-team World Cup.
The mother of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest that she feared for her daughter's safety after she went missing.
More than half of the over-75s in England are struggling to get health care, a report has found.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a man in Edinburgh.
Dozens of people have been killed in air strikes by Saudi-led coalition forces in Yemen, activists say.
A motion of no confidence has been passed in the Republic of Ireland Assembly calling for the cancellation of a republican rally in Dublin.
Michael Rea secured his first victory of the season with victory in the second round of the European Tour de France.
The US says it has agreed to hand over more than 1,000 prisoners at the Bagram prison in Afghanistan to the Afghan government.
Oscar-winning director Argo has been named best film at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) awards.
Nigeria's army has launched a major military operation in the north-eastern states of Borno and Maiduguri.
Veteran sports columnist Peter Corrigan has died at the age of 83.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a two-year-old boy was attacked in a street.
Michael Latham has become the first British rider to win a medal at the World Para-cycling Championships in Hong Kong.
Cardiff Blues have won the Welsh Premiership title for the third year in a row.
Oscar-winning actress Helen Richardson is to star in a new series of romantic comedies, the BBC has announced.
The family of one of Liverpool's most famous footballers, Oey Oey, have paid tribute to him at his funeral.
A 16-year-old boy has been given a suspended jail term for stealing a cash machine from a taxi driver.
England reached the quarter-finals of the Women's Euro 2017 with a comfortable victory over Netherlands in Tilburg.
Wales international Jonny Evans has signed a new two-year contract with the Dragons.
British sailor James Thomson has broken his own world record for the fastest boat to complete a marathon.
A group of Australian MPs has called on US President-elect Donald Trump to stop using the term "slug".
Olympic cycling champion Michael Redgrave and Paralympic gold medallist George Hoy will be part of the BBC's coverage of the Rio 2016 Games.
A decommissioned oil tanker has been seized by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCC).
The closure of the M4 motorway between Dover and Calais has been described as "disgusting".
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was shot dead in Cardiff.
England beat West Indies by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the Women's World Twenty20.
Former South African police officer Paul Coetzee has died at the age of 83.
Five former police officers have been charged over the Hillsborough disaster, the BBC has learned.
Archaeological artefacts have been found at a school in Inverness.
In the centre of the German city of Bremen, there is a sense of unease.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will appeal to the Electoral Commission over its decision not to allow candidates to stand in the general election.
A van has been set alight and set on fire in Birmingham.
A six-year-old girl has been injured in a firework explosion at a theme park.
A man has died after falling from a tree in central London.
The number of people with visual impairment in the world is expected to rise by 20% by 2050, according to a new study.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says his side's 2-1 friendly defeat by Poland in Warsaw was a "wake-up call".
A man has admitted carrying a gun at a primary school in Worcestershire.
Hundreds of people in London have been lighting candles to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Broadband providers will no longer be allowed to charge customers more than 10% of their broadband bills, under new rules.
A man has been arrested in connection with a knife attack at a Borders Post Office.
The introduction of corporation tax in Northern Ireland will have a "huge impact" on the economy, a trade union has said.
Part of a beach in Bournemouth has been cleared of debris following a landslide.
League Two side Halifax Town have signed striker Lee White on a two-year deal.
A man who sexually assaulted a teenage girl has been deported to the UK.
The Liberal Democrats have won all three of their remaining seats in the House of Commons.
Plans to cut the number of council offices in Edinburgh have been approved by councillors.
Fife's social work department has been accused of failing to properly investigate the death of Liam Kular.
US President Donald Trump has signed a new travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries.
Australia's prime minister has announced plans to make it easier for foreign nationals to fight in the Middle East.
Three soldiers have been sentenced to more than 40 days in prison for a protest during a military parade in Kenya.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being sexually assaulted in a Glasgow pub.
Hip-hop star Joey Hart has released his first solo album.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open quarter-finals for the first time with a straight-set victory over American Kyle Evans.
Former Minnesota Vikings defensive end Jared Allen has retired from the NFL.
League Two side Wigan Athletic have signed former Oxford United defender Jack Dunkley on a season-long loan deal.
Global action is needed to protect the world's oceans, according to a new report.
A coroner's inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has been given the go-ahead.
A former DUP special adviser, Jonathan Bell, has said he has no connection to the RHI scheme.
The closure of a police control centre in Dumfries and Galloway has been criticised by a union.
Plans for a new railway line to the Borders have been submitted to the Scottish government.
A farmer has won a legal challenge to a decision to block a new wind farm in Ceredigion.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino is the best striker in the Premier League, says manager Tony Pulis.
More than 1,000 ewes have taken part in a campaign to raise money for a wildlife charity in the Lake District.
England defender Gary Cahill says his side's 2-1 Euro 2016 defeat by Spain in Alicante was a "massive disappointment".
An early-medieval Roman gold pendant has been found in Norfolk.
UKIP's former chairman has said he has been knighted by the party's National Executive Committee (NEC).
Plans to improve transport in Cardiff have been unveiled by the city council.
Two female umpires from County Armagh have been recognised for their contribution to the women's game.
Hundreds of people have marched through Calderdale to protest against a council's handling of historical child abuse cases.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man shot dead outside a boxing match in Dublin.
Thousands of caterpillars have been found in woodland in Lancashire and Merseyside.
A paedophile who sexually abused children has been jailed for five years.
Bolton maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Brentford.
The family of a teenage boy who went missing more than a year ago have said they are "devastated" he has not been found.
Lancashire all-rounder Matt Davies took four wickets to help Derbyshire beat Lancashire by eight wickets on day two of their County Championship match.
Ghana beat DR Congo 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations.
Fourteen people have been arrested after a football match between Aston Villa and Leicester ended in violence.
Images courtesy of the Ministry of Defence
Sam Solomona scored a hat-trick as Castleford thrashed Widnes Vikings to reach the Super League quarter-finals for the first time.
Sony Pictures has been caught up in a massive cyber-attack.
A convicted sex offender who threatened to kill his ex-girlfriend has been found guilty of attempted murder.
People with long-term mental health conditions are more likely to be diagnosed with mental health problems, a study suggests.
Six Russian athletes have been banned from competing at the 2018 Winter Olympics after being found guilty of anti-doping offences.
The UK's largest bank, the Clydesdale Bank, has said it expects to make more than £1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) from the sale of the bank.
A zebra has died after being shot in the head at a farm in northern Japan, local media report.
A fire has broken out at a hospital in the Scottish Borders.
French President Francois Hollande has refused to shake hands with the victims of the Paris attacks.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the challenges facing African police forces.
A signed copy of Adolf Hitler's The Satanic Verses has gone on display for the first time.
Human footprints have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion.
The head of Brazil's state-run oil company, Petrobras, has been accused of being involved in a corruption scandal.
Bolton Wanderers have signed former Bolton Wanderers defender Matt Rachubka on a season-long loan deal.
The UK has signed a deal with Jamaica to build a new prison for foreign criminals.
Bangladesh's central bank has been accused of not doing enough to prevent hackers from accessing the bank's network.
Brighton and Hove Albion have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell on a season-long loan deal.
In the early hours of the morning, Derek Foster was confronted by an Aberdeen fan who accused him of being "a hermit".
A major oil and gas company has announced plans to expand its operations in Aberdeen.
I'm looking forward to playing Liam at Wimbledon for the first time this year.
Universities in England are to be allowed to charge tuition fees above the £9,000 upper limit.
A man has been charged with the attempted murder of a man who was attacked in a pub.
Mae'r datblygwyr wedi gefnogaeth preifat i dalu am y cynllun yn gofyn i drethdalwyr warantu llai na 50%.
Huddersfield suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Norwich.
Manchester City manager Jose Mourinho expects Sergio Aguero to be in his side's squad for Saturday's Premier League game against Arsenal.
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says the Premier League has changed.
Sri Lanka all-rounder Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket.
Celtic will be without two players for their Champions League semi-final against Rosenborg.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has increased its funding for music festivals, according to a report.
Violence at a prison in Hampshire has increased by more than 50% in the past five years, according to a report.
Ireland's Joe O'Connell has been named as the new head coach of Ireland at the Six Nations.
More than 1,000 people have signed up to compete in the Claymills carving competition.
A group of religious orders in Lancashire has called for a ban on teachers abusing children at religious schools.
The campaign to leave the European Union has been described as a "fairytale".
The UK's biggest energy regulator has called on consumers to switch to lower-priced energy bills.
DJ Tumble has been announced as the headline act for this year's Dorset Festival.
Newcastle Falcons prop Luke Brookes has been banned for two games after being charged with striking a player in the face during a match.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has condemned the Grenfell Tower fire.
One of the world's leading Bitcoin developers has said he will stop using the virtual currency.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash on a motorway in Lancashire.
A group of Mexican schoolgirls have won a prestigious international competition in Mexico.
Ospreys maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Treviso.
Parts of Scotland have been hit by snow and ice on Christmas Day, the Scottish government has said.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with a ruptured appendix.
The use of public key cryptography during the Cold War has been described as one of the greatest achievements of the modern era.
The German bank Deutsche Bank has warned that the UK's political and economic stability could be at risk if Labour wins the general election.
Activity in the US construction sector slowed last month, according to a closely watched survey.
Boxers in the Democratic Republic of Congo have been sparring for more than a decade.
Residents of the Taplow flats in south London have been living in their own homes for more than a year.
Homelessness is a huge problem in England, according to the BBC's Children in Need programme.
Luxury airline Aer Lingus has cancelled all of its flights to and from the UK for the rest of the year.
A bomb has exploded in the Turkish capital, Ankara, killing at least eight people, officials say.
Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie has died at the age of 90.
Two teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a 16-year-old boy in Oxfordshire.
Raith Rovers will face Ballinamallard Rangers in the Scottish Premiership play-off final on Saturday.
Ukraine's pro-Ukrainian military and pro-Russian separatists have launched a series of cyber-attacks in recent months.
A man has been found guilty of possessing weapons at Edinburgh Airport.
Tata Steel's Scunthorpe steelworks could be sold to a private equity firm.
World number one Phil Mickelson shot a three-under-par 65 to share the lead after the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon.
London's transport system has been hit by a series of problems.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed higher on Tuesday, boosted by a rise in the price of travel goods.
The number of violent offenders in England and Wales has reached a record high, according to new figures.
A new guide to dog-walking in Scotland has been published.
The founder of a campaign to find bone marrow donors in the US has called for more people to come forward.
The head of the Welsh Government is due to give a speech later.
A lorry has crashed into a wall, trapping a lorry underneath.
British and Irish Lions scrum-half Alex Healy has been ruled out of the rest of the Six Nations with a broken leg.
Malaysia's state-owned investment fund, 1MDB, has been in the spotlight for years.
Plans to build more than 1,000 new affordable homes in Glasgow have been announced.
The price of oil has fallen below $20 a barrel for the first time in more than two years.
Wales' flagship youth unemployment scheme has been suspended by the Welsh government.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in an anti-Trump rally in Belfast.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a garden.
An inquiry into the gender pay gap in the Scottish workforce has been launched.
A 92-year-old woman who had to be admitted to hospital for more than three months has been told she will not be admitted again.
The French far-right National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen has been charged with fraud.
International academics and researchers will be exempt from the UK's new pay threshold for settling in the UK, the government has announced.
The Britannia Yacht has been named Scotland's best-performing yacht for the third year running.
A union representing London Underground staff has accused the London Underground (LU) of misleading them about its plans for night Tube services.
A World War Two artillery fort in Carmarthenshire is to open to the public.
The family of a man who died in floods in Wrexham have said they are "devastated" by the damage caused by the floods.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been charged with corruption.
The EU and Turkey have agreed a deal on the return of refugees from Turkey to the European Union.
Transgender people should be allowed to use the same bathroom as their same-sex partner, the UK government has said.
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says the club's plan to become a Premier League club is a "dream come true".
A man's body has been found at a house in Londonderry.
Derby County suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Derby County.
Two-thirds of the time a ball is thrown in the wrong direction, a study suggests.
Warwickshire all-rounder Liam Thornton has signed new two-year contracts with the Championship club.
The Vote Leave campaign has claimed it can predict how much money the UK sends to the European Union each week.
Forecasters have issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow in parts of Scotland.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has no plans to sell any of his players.
Uefa president Sepp Blatter has said he does not want to be the next president of the world body.
Fertility is one of the most common forms of birth defects in the world.
Former darts player Eric Bristow has been sacked by Manchester United following comments he made about historical sex abuse.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a flat.
The BBC is to become a "bigger, bolder and bolder" organisation, its director general has said.
Home improvement chain Home Depot has reported a sharp rise in sales in the first three months of the year.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed striker Nyal Bell on loan until the end of the season.
A court in Turkey has opened an inquest into the deaths of dozens of workers at a coal mine.
The UK's air force is targeting Islamic State (IS) militants in Mosul, the defence secretary has said.
World number one Andy Murray beat Brazilian Milos Melo in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempting to smuggle a pipe bomb into Greenwich station.
A court in the western Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has sentenced four Sikh men to death for allegedly carrying out a gang-style attack on a group of tourists.
China's schools need to improve the way they teach, a leading Chinese academic has said.
Companies should be allowed to appoint their own top executives to their boards, under plans being considered by the government.
A former Fife shipyard has been bought by a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
The body of a teenage girl whose body was found in a bin in Greater Manchester has been identified as that of a 15-year-old girl.
A 15-year-old girl who died after being hit by a car has been named by police.
Two members of the County Antrim Sheriff Council have resigned following a vote of no confidence.
Chelsea have appointed former Manchester United boss Guus Hiddink as their new manager.
Britain's Laura Broady and Heather Watson reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time.
Australia beat New Zealand to retain their World Cup title for the second year in a row.
A water lagoon which has been closed for more than a year is to reopen for the winter months.
A Victorian mill which was destroyed in a fire in Kirkcaldy has been saved from demolition.
The vice chancellor of the University of Oxford has called for an end to radicalisation in universities.
The Lego Movie has been named best film at the New York Film Critics' Association (NYTA).
The chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council has resigned.
England's Lydia Ko shot a five-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the US Women's Open.
Former Bank of England chief executive Joe Garner has resigned.
Kilmarnock have signed former Dundee United midfielder Jack Waters on a season-long loan deal.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition opposing plans to merge a Gwynedd primary school with a secondary school.
A man from Luton has been jailed for four years for conspiring to smuggle illegal weapons into the UK.
The New Horizons probe has begun its first flyby of Pluto.
Premiership side Wasps have signed loose-head prop Dan Cipriani on a two-year deal.
The UK government has given the go-ahead for a controversial nuclear power plant in Somerset.
Grimsby climbed out of the National League relegation zone with victory over Aldershot.
Japanese fast food giant McDonald's has announced it will stop serving portions of fries in its stores in Japan.
Wales scrum-half Sam Roberts has signed a new three-year contract with Cambridge University.
Judges in England and Wales should be given more guidance on how to deal with sexual offences, a council has said.
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed former Wigan defender Alex Powell on a two-year deal.
Austria's new prime minister has said he will not stand for re-election.
Twelve years ago, Jordan Spieth was the youngest golfer to win the Masters.
Taxpayers who missed the deadline to pay their tax have been told they can continue to do so until the end of the weekend.
Bolton Wanderers have appointed former Bolton Wanderers boss Paul Wild as their new manager.
Dundee Flyers head coach Mark Johnston says his side are in a good position to win their first three games of the season.
A new container ship has arrived at a Suffolk port for the first time.
Glamorgan maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship season with a five-wicket victory over Gloucestershire.
School funding for children in England will be cut by £415m over the next five years, a union has said.
Land Rover has unveiled a new version of its Defender.
Southampton defender Vincent Kompany has agreed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club, says manager Claude Puel.
Dutch paint maker Akzo Nobel has rejected a takeover offer from US paint giant PPG Industries.
Partick Thistle beat Hibernian 2-1 in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals to reach the semi-finals.
A human rights group says it has been forced to close a port in Yemen because of ongoing fighting between Houthi rebels and government forces.
United Airlines has pulled out of a Northern Ireland-bound flight to the United States.
South Africa's women's national team needs to improve if they are to qualify for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations, says head coach Paul Mashaba.
Russia's state news agency has launched a new website dedicated to the country's history.
As a sprinter in the men's bobsleigh at the Rio Olympics, Michael Fearon was a bit of a dream come true.
Scott Boyd says he would like to see Scottish football play in the United States.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a two-year-old girl was killed in a car crash in Greater Manchester.
Swansea City have signed Southampton defender Jordan Gent on a season-long loan deal.
A 10-year-old boy has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award for his efforts to become a one-man athlete.
The global debate over climate change has dominated the headlines for years, but how much attention has been paid to the issue?
David Ginola has launched a campaign to become Fifa president.
British number one Heather Doherty and world number one Laura Doherty have qualified for the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible.
It's not every day you get a chance to bowl for the first time in your life.
Burkina Faso coach Pierre Duarte says he is confident his squad will be ready for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
A police officer fired a Taser at a man suspected of setting himself on fire, an inquest has heard.
Talks between Southern rail and the RMT union have broken down.
More than 1,000 homes have been destroyed in wildfires in California, state officials say.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Watson.
Police in the US state of California say they have found a message written on the body of a woman they are searching for.
A former swimming pool in Reading has been closed to the public for more than a year.
It's that time of year again!
The family of a Swansea woman who died after being hit by a bus have paid tribute to her.
Northern Ireland's Paul Hadwin shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the BMW Championship.
A community in County Londonderry has called for a second Orange parade to be held on Friday.
A Scottish oak has been named Scotland's national tree of the year.
Michael Irvine has announced he will retire from cycling at the end of the season.
Manchester United captain Paul van Gaal says he has learned a lot from manager Louis van Gaal during his time at Old Trafford.
India's largest nuclear plant, Kudankalanki, has been fully operational for the first time, state media report.
An inquest into the death of a woman who had surgery at a Wigan hospital has been told there was "no reason" for her death.
Ospreys head coach Danny Tandy says he is "disappointed" with the way his side were beaten by Ospreys in the Pro12.
Nuclear safety improvements at a decommissioned Royal Navy base in Devonport could take up to five years to complete, a watchdog has said.
A man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of two people in Dumfries and Galloway.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a playground.
Blackburn Rovers striker Jack Adams has had his appeal against his red card overturned.
A man and his wife have been found dead at a house in east London.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has called for the introduction of therapy dogs to hospital wards.
More children should be allowed to take stimulant laxatives to help them lose weight, a charity has said.
The UK's ambassador to the European Union has told the BBC he wants the UK to remain a member of the EU.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are investigating the identity of a British man who travelled to the UK to join the Islamic State group.
The Welsh Education Secretary, Lord Cairns, has backed a bill which would allow teachers to pay more in England.
A 17-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being involved in a two-car crash in Inverness.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new Holocaust Memorial Museum in Warsaw.
The number of Syrian refugees resettled in Wales has more than doubled in the past year, figures show.
The Duchess of Ennis-Hill has launched a campaign to encourage people to get into running.
A tank belonging to the Norwegian military has been involved in a collision with a tank during a training exercise in Norway.
At a mosque in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Kano, the Islamist militant group Boko Haram has carried out a series of attacks on worshippers.
Italian police say they have seized more than 1m euros (Â£1.5m) of illegal gambling assets.
Two men have been sentenced to three years in prison for defecating on a train in Singapore.
A project to protect Anglesey's Ceredigion mountains has been given the go-ahead.
North Korea has condemned a US missile strike on a Syrian airbase, saying it was a "provocative act".
The Belfast Giants have announced that they will play the London Elite League champions in a friendly match at the end of the season.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on terror charges, his lawyer has said.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the opening of a railway line between London and Birmingham.
Nottinghamshire's Chris Stevens hit a career-best 147 to help his side beat Essex by eight wickets on day two of the One-Day Cup.
The Lebanese Shia militant group Hezbollah has said it is fighting rebels in Syria.
Former Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond has said he expects the Scottish independence referendum to take place within two years.
A large fire has broken out at a block of flats in Wimbledon.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire.
Cameras are to be installed at police stations in Powys to allow officers to record their actions.
Comic-logger George Izzard has completed a record number of marathons in the South African capital, Pretoria.
Hibernian striker Scott Allan would be a "dream signing" if he joined Rangers, according to former Rangers midfielder Gary Ferguson.
Tributes have been left at the home of a woman who was found dead in her cell.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt says his side's performance in their Six Nations defeat by Argentina was "disappointing".
The father of a boy who was found dead on a road in Japan has spoken of how he tried to comfort him.
A 90-year-old man has been banned from driving for three years after being found guilty of drink-driving.
The owners of a former Denbighshire hospital have been ordered to pay more than £1m in legal fees.
An Israeli police officer has been arrested after video emerged showing him kicking a lorry driver in the head.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says Michael Carrick is the best player in the world.
A modelling agency has been accused of being "sexist" for asking women to work for it.
More than half of people in England believe Jesus Christ is real, according to a survey by the Church of England.
The bodies of three girls who died in a World War One bomb explosion in Wrexham have been found.
The mother of Lord Janner has said she is "bastened" by allegations he sexually abused children in his care.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at rallies across the US.
Children who read more than they did in childhood are more likely to improve their reading habits, a study suggests.
National League side Grimsby Town have parted company with manager Paul Davis.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Scotland's Attorney General Mark Matheson is to hold a meeting to discuss the impact of the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Tens of thousands of people in Vanuatu have been affected by Cyclone Pam.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape and murder of a woman in a German city.
Coventry City continued their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Barnet.
Bournemouth boss Eddie Howe says his side's poor start to the season is due to a lack of goals.
At the time of Mahatma Gandhi's death, India's most famous photographer, Kanaka, was working on a monograph about his life.
A man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted in Edinburgh.
Hundreds of jobs have been lost at a Welsh telecoms firm, the BBC has learned.
A former Milton Keynes mayor has resigned after being accused of sexually assaulting a taxi driver.
American Jason Dufner shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Bikes have been banned from entering Mansfield town centre as part of a campaign against anti-social behaviour.
Three German asylum seekers who escaped from a suspected Islamic State (IS) gunman have been praised for their bravery.
People aged 25-34 have the highest share of their wealth in the UK, according to a new study.
Spain's left-wing Podemos party has won the second round of the country's presidential election.
Liverpool have signed Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for an undisclosed fee.
A 16-year-old girl has been raped at a railway station.
Oil giant BP has said that its downstream business will not be affected by a drop in oil prices.
An Oxfordshire school has been sent home for failing to comply with its strict dress code.
Indian boxer Mary Kom has said she is ready to make a film about her life in the south-east of the country.
Plans to build the Forth Crossing Bridge in Holyrood have been given the go-ahead.
Campaigners calling for a ban on smacking children have called on the Welsh government to scrap the law.
In Wukhe, a village in north-eastern China, there is a growing sense of optimism about the future of the village.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the strangest things about the US presidential election.
One of the UK's largest manufacturers of washing machines has been awarded more than £1m in government funding.
Prime Minister David Cameron has accused US President Barack Obama of being "distracted" by his intervention in Libya.
A Northern Ireland man has lost his appeal against his conviction for shooting dead two police officers during a shoot-to-kill operation.
A South Korean court has sentenced a US missionary to life in prison for trying to overthrow North Korea.
Motherwell have signed striker Dom Thomas on loan until the end of the season.
Salford Red Devils kept alive their hopes of reaching the Super League play-offs with a hard-fought victory over Widnes Vikings.
Former EastEnders actress Barbara Williams is to play Barbara Blackstone in a biopic about her life.
Tens of thousands of soldiers have joined a mutiny in Ivory Coast's capital, Ouagadougou, over pay.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have abolished a tax on tampons.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the government's plan to revive the UK's economy has failed.
In our series of letters from African journalists, the BBC looks at the challenges facing the Conservative Party in the EU referendum campaign.
Plaid Cymru has set out its manifesto for the next five years.
Plans for a new school in Sheffield have been approved by councillors.
The Scottish pig industry has been hit by a drop in the price of its products, according to a trade union.
In our series of letters from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire, we take a look at some of the UK's best-known fashion brands.
Six men have been jailed for more than a year for their part in a series of high-profile rail thefts.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to six months in jail for defecating eggs at his Los Angeles home.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Scotland looks at the challenges facing children with disabilities in Scotland.
Leicester Tigers have appointed scrum-half Keiron Cunningham as their new head coach.
Michael Jackson songwriter Rod Temperton has died at the age of 83.
England all-rounder Jade Taylor has been ruled out of the first two one-day internationals against Pakistan and India.
Anthony Zohore scored twice as Burton Albion came from behind to beat Cardiff City and reach the Championship play-offs.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a woman who was hit by a bus.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher has been taken to hospital after suffering a heart attack.
Average speed cameras are to be installed on all major motorways in Scotland for the first time.
South Africa's Moeen Ali took four wickets on the opening day of the second Test against England in Cape Town.
Amputee football is one of the most popular sports in Scotland.
Two British soldiers were killed in a suicide bomb attack on a patrol in Afghanistan, an inquest has heard.
Ospreys scrum-half Rhys Jones says he is "disappointed" that the Ospreys have not agreed a new deal with the Welsh Rugby Union.
Monty Don, the creator of Monty Don's Gardeners' World, has called for supermarkets to stop supplying garden centres.
A 16-year-old girl has been rescued from a sinking ship off the coast of Aberdeenshire.
Oscar Pistorius has told a South African court that his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, was killed by a cricket bat in the toilet.
Israeli police say they are investigating whether some of the country's leading travel agencies were involved in a price-fixing scandal.
Bradford maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with victory over Oldham.
Paris St-Germain have signed former Real Madrid and Galatasaray midfielder Paul van der Meijen for an undisclosed fee.
Two goals from Ricky Miller helped Dover to a 1-1 draw with Chester in the National League.
Protests have been held in Falmouth over student accommodation.
Improvements to the M74 and the Raith Interchange have been announced.
Wrexham could become the first city in the UK to set up a dedicated treatment centre for drug addicts.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he does not want a post-election deal with the SNP.
A record number of weddings have taken place in Gretna, Scotland.
A mother-of-two who went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with her son, police have said.
Plans for a new medium-medium school in Haverfordshire have been approved by councillors.
It's been a busy week for children in England.
A six-year-old boy who was attacked by a dog in Cardiff has been ordered to pay £1,000 in compensation.
A man has died after falling from a statue of a lion.
House prices in England and Wales have risen by more than 10% in the past year, according to the latest figures from the Halifax.
An 18th Century naval flag from the Battle of the Somme has gone on display at auction for the first time.
A British student who was held in the United Arab Emirates for more than a year has told the BBC he has been tortured.
A High Court judge has refused to block the release of police files relating to a former loyalist paramilitary leader.
Olympic gold medallist Andrei Artykov has been stripped of his medal at the Rio Paralympics.
Antonio Antonio's second-half equaliser earned Watford their first win of the season as they beat Nottingham Forest at Vicarage Road.
The Welsh government has written a Christmas message to Syrian refugees, urging them to come to Wales.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has urged the PGA Tour to comply with its anti-doping rules.
Have you ever wondered what it's like to have a Facebook account?
CCTV footage of the Sydney cafe siege has been released by the Australian government.
Two decommissioned Royal Navy frigates have been sold at auction.
Salford Red Devils have signed Hull KR full-back Tyrone McCarthy for an undisclosed fee.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker in Lincoln.
The UN's chemical weapons watchdog says it has signed an international agreement that requires Syria to remove all its chemical weapons.
A new treatment for cystic fibrosis has been developed by doctors in Northern Ireland.
A bookshop that was once hailed as one of the world's best-loved booksellers has been put up for sale.
The UK's biggest supermarket, Asda, is to cut the price of milk from £1 to £1 per litre.
MPs have voted against plans to allow English-only laws to be debated in the House of Commons.
A man has been jailed for a minimum of six years for posting abusive comments on social media.
Cyprus has reached a deal with the European Union and other countries to resolve the country's financial crisis.
A group of climbers have climbed two of the highest mountains on the island of St Kilda.
A CCTV camera has been installed on a busy motorway in Cardiff, the city council has said.
The inquest into the Manchester Arena attack has been adjourned until the end of the year.
The Department of Transport (DMT) has been ordered to pay more than £1m to a firm involved in a bid to build a new dual carriageway.
Mae cynlluniau penodol wedi eu cwblhau aml-lawr yn digwydd nawr ar yr arena yn gwesty.
A cancer patient has been jailed for four years after being found guilty of grievous bodily harm with intent.
Two disabled claimants have lost a legal battle against the government over delays in processing their benefits.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been accused of failing to tackle tax evasion in the UK.
Gun shots have been fired at a police station in the German city of Hamburg, police say.
Teachers in Northern Ireland have rejected a government offer of a pay rise.
More than half of nurseries in England say they will not be able to deliver 30 hours of free childcare, a survey suggests.
A flamingo's one-legged posture has been linked to the stability of the body, according to a study.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a pedestrian in Londonderry.
Members of the London Underground have voted in favour of a new 24-hour Tube service.
The mother of missing toddler Madeleine McCann has set off on a three-day challenge to raise awareness of missing children.
A Turkish woman has been arrested on suspicion of insulting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Two lifeboats have been involved in a search for a lifeboat on the River Glamlam.
Plans for a new Marks and Spencer outlet have been approved.
Venezuela's National Assembly has been ruled unconstitutional by the country's constitutional court.
A rise in the cost of caring for children in Wales is a "wake-up call", the Welsh government has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a gang of men in Edinburgh.
Scotland's busiest airports have reported record passenger numbers for the first three months of the year.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is in a "dangerous position".
In the early hours of Thursday morning, thousands of people in the Greek capital, Nicosia, walked out of their banks.
Two men have been charged with illegally hunting a lion in Zimbabwe.
Canadian soldiers have clashed with a group of anti-British protesters at a ceremony marking Canada Day.
The Conservatives have taken control of Chester-le-Street.
At least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the Syrian capital, Damascus, state media say.
A bus driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a wall.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman he met online.
The number of greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2005, according to new figures.
The story of Arthur the Conqueror is one of the most important in the history of Welsh literature.
Plans for a new high-speed rail line between Birmingham and Coventry have been criticised by rail operators.
A lorry driver has been jailed for four years for causing "catastrophic" death by careless driving.
The owner of Sports Direct, Michael Ashley, has been accused of breaching parliamentary rules by refusing to appear before MPs.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was set on fire at a house in Manchester.
A £10,000 project has been launched to create a "virtual office" in a central London park.
The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh's knighthood and dames have been removed from Australia's honours list.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks to win the Super Bowl for the second year in a row.
A Welsh actor who played the role of Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film has said he has no idea who he is.
Leeds United have signed Italy international Mario Benedicic on a season-long loan deal.
A construction worker has described the construction of a new arts centre in Bangor as a "horrendous experience".
When I arrived at the National Park Service (NPS) in the US state of Oregon, I was greeted with a mixture of anger and relief.
The parents of a 13-year-old girl who died after being attacked by a mentally ill man have said they want to raise money for a children's charity.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Kilmarnock.
Police in the Ardoyne area of County Londonderry have clashed with members of the Orange Order.
German brewer AB InBev has rejected a takeover offer from rival SABMiller.
One of the world's most famous humpback whales, Migaloo, has been spotted in Australia.
Scottish Finance Secretary John Swinney has said the Scottish government will cut spending by £30bn over the next five years.
A Danish journalist has been sentenced to four years in prison for selling information about celebrities.
Manchester United defender Adam Andrew has been given a three-match ban by the Football Association for violent conduct.
Northamptonshire have appointed former England batsman James Taylor as their new director of cricket.
Manchester United midfielder Nani says the club's players need to improve if they are to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
Everton manager Sam Allardyce says England captain Joe Hart's future at the club is in doubt.
Colin O'Shea's late equaliser earned Port Vale victory over Port Vale.
China's trade deficit narrowed in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A Conservative peer has been found guilty of sending a racist message to immigration campaigner Joanna Miller.
The number of people killed by drink-driving in Scotland has more than doubled in the last five years, figures show.
The impact of Brexit on Scotland's economy will be "negative", according to a new survey.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney has been ruled out of Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final against Manchester United because of a hamstring injury.
Voters in the French presidential election have given their backing to a far-right candidate.
Doting fathers are more likely to have a positive impact on children's cognitive development, a study suggests.
All infant children in England should receive free free school meals, the government has said.
Pembrokeshire council has said it will no longer accept black bags of rubbish.
A California man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murders of more than 100 cats.
A Gloucestershire football club has gone vegetarian for the first time.
Partick Thistle have signed former Dundee United midfielder Paul van van vananten on a two-year deal.
World number one Johanna Konta beat world number one Novak Djokovic in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the US Open.
MSPs have voted in favour of raising council tax on bands of bands in Scotland.
Hull City have no injury concerns ahead of Saturday's Premier League game against Burnley at Vicarage Road.
West Bromwich Albion have rejected a bid to sign Manchester City midfielder Jordan Evans for an undisclosed fee.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War Two veteran who died on Armistice Day.
Jodie Johnson-Thompson became the first British woman to win a medal at the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
A survivor of the Paris terror attack has spoken of his shock and anger at the staff who tried to save him from the gunman.
One of the world's oldest tortoises has died at a San Diego zoo.
The US women's football team will take to the streets of New York to celebrate their victory in the World Cup semi-final.
The funeral of two brothers who were found dead in their home in County Mayo has taken place.
A former police officer has been jailed for five years for sexually abusing children.
Plans for a new centre for young people at Morrison's supermarket have been given the go-ahead.
Rare Dambusters have been sold at auction for more than £1m.
A Scottish chef has created a new version of Wimbledon sausage to celebrate the Wimbledon Championships.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says midfielder Saido Berahino's decision to leave the club was a "mistake".
A Russian conductor has performed in the Syrian city of Palmyra for the first time in more than a year.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a performance of a musical about the death of a Jewish man who was shot dead on a boat in the Mediterranean.
Hibernian manager Derek Mackay says his side's poor start to the season is a "wake-up call" for the club.
The head of the UN climate change agency has accused the UK government of "overspending" on renewable energy.
An artificial intelligence (AI) robot that can read and write has become the world's best-known reading machine, according to a Japanese researcher.
A Syrian rebel fighter has been killed in a plane crash in the northern city of Aleppo, activists say.
Former British and Irish Lions coach Paul Lancaster has been named as the new head coach of Toulon.
The voice of the Muppets' mascot, Kermit the Frog, has been axed.
Police investigating the death of a 19-year-old man in Londonderry have appealed for information.
An oil rig that capsized off the coast of Scotland has been towed off a beach.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a student by careless driving.
Widnes Vikings head coach Paul Betts says his side are ready to start winning again after a poor start to the season.
Blackburn Rovers boss Steve Black says he has no plans to remove Aston Villa striker Jack Butland from the squad.
A man has been arrested in connection with a burglary at a house in Londonderry.
Labour and Plaid Cymru are to launch their campaigns in Wales ahead of the general election.
A swan has died after being shot in the head with a crossbow in South Lanarkshire.
A new body has been set up to oversee youth education in Wales.
Human rights group Amnesty International says it is concerned about the imminent execution of dozens of Shia activists in Saudi Arabia.
League Two side Kidderminster Harriers have signed midfielder Adam Morgan-Smith on a season-long loan deal.
A group of zebras have been caught up in a circus circus in Toronto, Canada.
Two climbers have been rescued after falling from a cliff in Lewis.
A Dundee MP has said he will not be prosecuted over allegations he used a firework to promote independence.
Plaid Cymru has said it will not support a Conservative government after the general election.
Reading has a positive impact on the wellbeing of children, according to a study.
Silverstone's decision to hold a Formula 1 Grand Prix in London is a "historic problem", according to former British Grand Prix chief executive John Horner.
A new video camera has been installed at a lifeboat station.
United Airlines has launched a $1,000 (£1,500) reward scheme to help hackers find flaws in its planes.
Mark Boyce scored a hat-trick as Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Ross County.
Horses are more likely to react to the emotions of their owners, according to a study.
Five people have been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving in north Wales, police have said.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being assaulted in a Glasgow street.
Cristiano Charles scored twice as Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat Barcelona in the Copa del Rey quarter-finals.
Tottenham striker Dele Alli scored twice as Aston Villa came from behind to beat Tottenham in the FA Cup third round.
Royal Bank of Scotland has announced plans to close its Birmingham office.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side have a "real chance" of winning the Premier League title.
A trial of a drug that reduces the risk of HIV infection in Wales has been approved by the Welsh government.
A Russian woman who failed to qualify for the Rio Olympics has been cleared to compete in the long jump.
The number of people living in affordable homes in Wales increased by more than a third last year, according to a new report.
Talks between London Underground (LF) and the Tube union have been adjourned until the end of the year.
A huge fire has broken out at a disused quarry in Powys.
An MP has called for a new chairperson to be appointed to the inquiry into historical child abuse in Wales.
Each day we feature a different piece of political news from across the UK.
The proportion of black and minority ethnic students applying for university places in England is at its lowest level for more than a decade, according to Ucas.
Hull KR recorded their first Premiership win of the season with a hard-fought victory over Fife.
A baby born with septicaemia has died, an inquest has heard.
A two-year-old girl has written to a council asking for a wheelchair-accessible play area.
The mother of a woman murdered by paramilitaries in Londonderry has said she is "disappointed" by the police response to her daughter's funeral.
More than half of the members of the JogScotland programme in Scotland are no longer active, the Scottish government has said.
The DUP and Sinn Féin have been campaigning in East Belfast for more than a year.
A senior police officer has been sacked after being found guilty of misconduct in public office.
Oscar-winning actress Jessica Arterton has been cast in a stage production of the new West End musical, it has been announced.
England's first Test against India at Edgbaston was the most difficult match of the tour so far.
Two brothers have been jailed for stealing sheep worth more than £10,000 from their own farms.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said there will be no contact between Greece and the EU over Ukraine.
Former Team Sky rider Paul Brailsford says he is "disappointed" to have been allowed to use a banned drug at the 2016 Tour de France.
Tributes have been paid to the Russian journalist Alexander Tsilikin, who has been found dead in his Moscow apartment.
At the end of the hijacking of a Panamanian Airways 747, a flight attendant was forced to open the cockpit door.
Some police forces in England and Wales have been rated "requires improvement" for their handling of crime, a watchdog has said.
League Two side Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham striker Alex Rodak on loan until the end of the season.
(Close): The FTSE 100 index closed lower, with energy firms leading the way.
Two teenage boys have appeared in court charged with the rape and possession of child pornography.
Great Britain's Adam Bevan has broken his leg in a fall at the European Gymnastics Championships.
A woman has died after a car she was travelling in crashed into a tree.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man in Powys are continuing to search for him.
West Ham boss Jose Mourinho says he has no idea how to stop his side's poor start to the Premier League season.
The UN special envoy to Syria has said the cessation of hostilities between government forces and rebel groups is "not sustainable".
Mae Cymru yn annibynnol gweithio yn cael arian i dal arian wedi bod £14bn yn y Undeb Ewropeaidd.
North says the British and Irish Lions are ready to play in the first two Tests of their tour of New Zealand.
A large unexploded World War Two bomb has been found in a street in Sheffield.
A song written by one of the world's best-known footballers has gone on the air.
Bangladesh's government has sacked a head teacher who was accused of torturing pupils.
The Northern Ireland Environment Agency (NIEA) has cut funding to a number of organisations in Northern Ireland.
Indian restaurants are famous for their traditional dishes.
Equinox has been awarded a contract to create a cloud-based system for the Passport Office.
The parents of a Florida schoolboy who went missing last week say they are still trying to find him.
A new storm has been named Abigail.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) has said he is ready to take part in a parade in Londonderry.
Plans for a new stadium for Bristol City FC have been given the go-ahead.
The Liberal Democrats have won two by-elections in the West Midlands.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has announced he will retire at the end of the season.
National League side Newport County have signed striker Jack Rigg and defender Scott Compton on two-year deals.
All images are copyrighted.
A bridge in the Italian capital, Rome, has been closed to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
The family of a British Sikh man found stabbed to death in India have said they are "devastated" by his death.
Ollie Ringrose is one of the best-known names in Irish rugby.
Pop star Britney Spears has taken to the stage for the first time at the London International Music Festival.
Kilmallie climbed to the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 2-1 victory over Lovat.
A Florida court has ordered Gawker Media to pay $1m (Â£1m) to a man who posted a video of himself having sex with his ex-girlfriend.
Sinn Féin MLA Seamus Mallon has backed Seamus Eastwood in the SDLP leadership contest.
It's been a year since the Malaysia Airlines flight that crashed, killing all 224 people on board.
A painting by Pablo Picasso has become the world's most expensive painting at auction.
Artificial intelligence has revolutionised the way medicines are made.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Wales beat Portugal to reach the quarter-finals of the Euro 2016 qualifying tournament.
A seven-year-old girl who died after falling into a swimming pool in Blackpool has been named by a coroner.
A five-year-old boy has died after being tied to a donkey by a farmer in northern India.
Nottingham Panthers' hopes of reaching the Elite League play-offs have been boosted by victory over Nottingham Panthers at Nottingham Ice Arena.
Three mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed to prevent the spread of the flu.
Real Madrid have been asked by Fifa to answer questions about the club's transfer policy.
Hibernian midfielder John Commons says he will stay at the club until the end of the season.
A group of campaigners has called for speed cameras to be installed in a village in Leicestershire.
French energy firm EDF has said it will not raise more than £1bn (Â£1.5bn) in the next three years.
Former world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he wants to compete in the world of snooker.
The BBC has signed a new three-year deal with the Rugby Football Union.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard's decision to leave the club was one of the most controversial in the club's history.
The Northern Ireland justice minister has said he is confident the government will have enough money to deal with the legacy of historical inquests.
Catalonia's independence referendum has come to an end.
Plans to build more than 1,000 homes in Guildford have been given the go-ahead.
A Londonderry-based lifesaving charity has been awarded more than £1m in funding.
A memorial to the victims of the Sydney siege has been unveiled.
The chief constable of Avon and Somerset has left the force.
Fifa has refused to allow England and Wales players to wear poppies on their armpits during World Cup qualifiers.
Venezuelan officials say they have received a text message from the country's President Nicolas Maduro saying that the bodies of at least 30 people have been found.
A body has been found at a house in Wirral.
Derbyshire batsman Matt Jennings took a career-best five wickets to help his side beat Durham by eight wickets at Headingley.
Newcastle United have been ordered to hand over all of their financial records to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC).
A group of primary school principals in Belfast has said they are "very concerned" about the future of education in the city.
League Two side York City have signed former Blackburn Rovers defender Jack Williams on a season-long loan deal.
A petition calling for an elected mayor in Bath has been submitted to the city council.
The body of a Malaysian police officer has been found in a barrel of oil in Kuala Lumpur, police say.
A man and a woman have been found dead at a flat in West London.
Great Britain's women's team have reached the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup for the first time, says head coach Heather Powell.
Thousands of people have taken part in a memorial service for the Duke of Derry in Londonderry.
Wakefield Trinity have signed Wakefield Trinity winger Jordan Tansey on loan until the end of the season.
The US military says it has more than doubled the number of fighters fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
A new strain of salmonella has been developed to help prevent the spread of the disease.
The Northern Ireland government has said it will not be paying for water bills in Northern Ireland until the end of the year.
A soldier who fought in the Battle of the Somme has been honoured with a plaque in Eastbourne.
A former Royal College of Psychiatrists (RCP) has been named a CBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
League Two side Portsmouth have re-signed defender Ryan Hollands on a season-long loan deal.
Colombia's presidential and parliamentary elections have been held.
Dawn Purvis has stepped down as director of the Marie Stopes clinic in Northern Ireland.
British number one Heather Simpson reached the quarter-finals of the Dubai Open with a straight-set victory over Egypt's Ali Abdel Aziz.
John Cummins scored twice as St Johnstone came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical and reach the Scottish Cup quarter-finals.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student whose body was found in a car.
Scotland's Gordon Ramsay says he is ready to take on the challenge of defending his Open Championship title at Castle Stuart.
Leinster maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a convincing victory over the bottom-of-the-table Crusaders.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said the UK should remain in the single market and customs union after Brexit.
London Underground boss Eddie Johnson has said he is "hopeful" that a Night Tube service will be introduced by the end of the year.
A review into the care of older patients in Inverness has found no improvement.
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has called for an independent inquiry into alleged war crimes during the 2011-12 civil war.
Double Paralympic gold medallist Hannah Butterfield has broken the world record for the first time.
First Minister Carwyn Davis has said Wales has a "strong interest" in the UK remaining in the European Union.
Millions of people are dying from malaria every year, according to a new study.
At least eight people have died after eating moussa, a type of mochi, in Japan, officials say.
Teachers at a Kent school have gone on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions.
The US government has filed a lawsuit against US President Donald Trump over his use of his business empire.
A police force has been fined £10,000 for using a training centre for convicted criminals.
Two primary schools have been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted.
A mother accused of kidnapping her newborn baby has been told she faces a jail term.
Hibernian have signed former Rangers and Rangers midfielder Alex Zaliaszukas on a two-year deal.
Theresa May has said she would love to watch Doctor Who on Christmas Eve.
Australia and China have signed a deal to allow live cattle to be exported to China.
Two teenagers have been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a RAF serviceman.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger will miss the rest of the season after being cleared of misconduct.
Dumfries and Galloway have agreed to donate the Europa League trophy to Romanian club Dinamo Bucharest if they win the semi-final.
The trial of Hong Kong businessman Bo Xilai has been described as a "witch hunt" by Chinese media.
A man who has been living in Huddersfield for more than a year has been told he needs a companion to help him get to work.
Guernsey's public relations accounts have been released for the first time.
Paralympic gold medallist Jade Browne says she wants to become a better athlete.
Former Labour leader Owen Smith has said he is "not a part of a plot to overthrow Jeremy Corbyn".
A former Inverness school teacher has appeared in court charged with assaulting pupils.
A 16-year-old Afghan schoolgirl is to be honoured with a book signed by the author of The Alchemist.
A Russian man has been arrested over the construction of a mountain road in the far north of the country, state media report.
The UN Security Council has voted to increase the number of police officers in Burundi.
A police officer has been jailed for life for causing the death of his father by dangerous driving.
Jack Marriott's second-half equaliser gave Luton victory over League Two bottom side Luton Town.
Great Britain's women's team have been criticised for not doing enough to improve their performance at the World Championships in Hong Kong.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has raised more than $1m (Â£1m) for a prototype flying car.
A 92-year-old woman who was deported from the UK last year has launched a legal challenge to her deportation.
The prime minister has said he would like to see more funding for Northern Ireland's police and crime units.
Liam Tudor has been taken to hospital after being assaulted at a nightclub in Greater Manchester.
A recycling company has been fined £10,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a telephonic device.
Championship side Algeria have signed Algeria midfielder Yann Mbolhi on a two-year deal.
Plans for a new primary school in Ceredigion have been put on hold.
Millwall's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Millwall.
Cornish Town manager Paul Hodges says his side are still in the League Two relegation zone.
A Ferrari has been removed from the M4 motorway in Kensington, Kensington and Chelsea.
Tanzania is one of the world's most dangerous countries.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in the value of property shares.
Women are more likely to ask for a pay rise than men, a study suggests.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a sexual assault on a train passenger.
Police investigating the Bloody Sunday massacre in Londonderry have said they are "increasingly losing faith" in the PSNI.
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Ammchwiliad yn ôl newyddiadurwr wedi gael ei gynnal.
A former Sri Lankan opposition leader has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in a series of murders.
League Two side Fulham have signed striker Luke Lawless on a season-long loan deal.
Funding for a science and technology centre in Wrexham has been cut by more than £1m.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested after jumping from a plane in San Francisco.
The family of a Scottish woman whose body was found in Edinburgh have appealed for information about her whereabouts.
Five British nationals have been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants.
Northern Ireland's leading road racer Franco Pecolle has died at a road race in County Tyrone.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
It's been a year since the first menstruating woman was allowed to enter a Hindu temple in India.
A woman who died after eating a Greek yogurt has been named by an inquest into her death.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for three years for having sex with a teenage girl.
Scotland's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to official figures.
Hull City defender Robert Snodgrass has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a serious knee injury.
Formula 1 drivers are the most famous in the world.
Police are searching for a man they want to speak to in connection with a rape in Dundee.
Vincenzo Nibali was forced to retire from the Vuelta a Espana after being caught up in a police chase.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the second round of the Aegon International with a straight-set victory over Romania's Dominika Cibulkova.
A three-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car.
The number of heart attacks in Scotland has fallen by more than half in the past five years, according to new figures.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Wigan.
Jodie Tennant and Laura Piper are to appear in a special episode of Doctor Who, the BBC has confirmed.
At least four rockets have been fired at the Israeli city of Eilat, police say.
The Lucky Country is one of the best-selling books of all time.
It was the first Gulf War since the end of World War Two.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of London to protest against anti-government protests.
Former Ospreys and Neath Auvergne centre Alex Hook has signed a new three-year contract with Gloucester.
Chloe Kardashian has spoken out about her body shaming.
Plans for a new power plant in Eastleigh have been given the go-ahead.
Former world number one Andy Murray says he is ready to get married.
Broadchurch is to return to the UK for a third series, BBC One has announced.
Dumfries and Galloway has been celebrating the 100th anniversary of the opening of the Transatlantic Cable.
The chief executive of an East Sussex hospital has resigned.
New traffic lights have been installed on a busy junction in Plymouth.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has published a long-awaited report into the role of Russian soldiers in the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
A prison in Dumfries and Galloway is full of inmates.
John Duddy was one of Northern Ireland's most successful businessmen.
Drugs worth more than £1m have been seized in Lincolnshire, police have said.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of Edinburgh to celebrate the city's Hogmanay celebrations.
The evacuation of the German city of Augsburg from a World War II World War Two bomb has begun.
One of the world's largest reptiles, Dinocephalosaurus, has been discovered in China.
The number of GPs in Wales has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, figures show.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key questions facing the UK government.
The captain of a boat which capsized off the Isle of Wight has failed to wear seatbelts, a report has found.
An inquest into the deaths of a couple who were killed in a plane crash in France has concluded that the pilot did not know where to turn.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad has told the BBC he has no regrets about his country's role in the war.
The Nobel Prize-winning physicist Prof Stephen Hawking is to give his final lecture before the end of the year.
More than a third of schools in England are in debt, the government has said.
Hundreds of flights have been cancelled in Chile after a 24-hour strike by airport workers.
A Danish man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose boat sank off the coast of Copenhagen, police say.
Consumers in England and Wales are being asked to pay more for their energy bills, according to consumer group Citizens Advice.
An inquest into the death of a six-year-old boy at a cemetery in Glasgow has been told it could have been prevented.
It's that time of year again.
Dixons Carphone has reported better-than-expected profits after the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Former England captain Brendon McCullum has signed a new three-year contract with Middlesex.
China's second-largest steelmaker, Baosteel, has agreed to merge with China's biggest steelmaker.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been praised for his defensive discipline after his side beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup final.
India and the Republic of India have become the first countries to join the European Union.
The former chief executive of the Ulster Unionist Party, John Alderdice, has called for an independent inquiry into paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland.
Zesco of Egypt and Zamalek of Egypt have reached the semi-finals of the African Champions League.
Pop star Ed Sheeran has said he is "trying to get back to normal" after announcing his third album.
A six-year-old boy with cerebral palsy has been awarded a £10,000 compensation payout, the High Court has heard.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his side's performance in Sunday's Champions League semi-final defeat by Sevilla was a "massive mistake".
Police in the western Indian state of Bihar say they are trying to crack down on cheating.
Chris Pattinson's second Test century of the season helped Australia beat West Indies by eight wickets in Hobart.
Chinese scientists have found a new treatment for a deadly parasitic disease that has been resistant to traditional medicine for more than a century.
Siemens and Mitsubishi have raised their offer for Alstom's rail and energy business.
Hampshire batsman Michael Carberry has been diagnosed with cancer.
A Carmarthenshire council has been ordered to pay more than £10,000 to a blogger who claimed she had been harassed and defamed.
Two-time Champion Hurdle winner Dan O'Brien won the Punchestown Chase for the first time in his career.
Bolton Wanderers suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Championship bottom side Bolton Wanderers.
England's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at Wembley.
Scunthorpe United manager Paul Swann has told the club's supporters to "stick their heads in the ground" if they want to avoid relegation.
As Northern Ireland prepare for Saturday's Euro 2016 semi-final between Italy and Northern Ireland, a look back at some of the most memorable moments in the game's history.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash involving a van and a van.
Libya has been given the go-ahead to host the 2019 and 2021 African Nations Cup.
Thousands of people have taken part in the Great Yorkshire Run.
Jane Austen was one of the best-selling authors of all time.
Donegal's Ciara Mageean has been selected to represent Northern Ireland at the European Indoor Athletics Championships.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Gary Hughes says his side's second-half display was enough to beat Dundee.
A fire that broke out on the set of EastEnders has been put out, the BBC has confirmed.
When India's Paralympians won gold at the Rio 2016 Paralympics in Rio, it was the first time the country had seen a medal for a disabled athlete.
A mental health worker has been cleared of using indecent images of children.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager.
A man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in County Limavady.
Sunderland midfielder Jack Johnson will miss the rest of the season after being banned from football by the Football Association.
A man who defrauded VAT out of more than £1m has been jailed for three years.
Barnet Borough Council's chief executive has resigned after the council failed to register voters for the general election.
A woman from Birmingham has recreated a miniature version of the Jaguar Land Rover in a giant cake made at the company's Birmingham factory.
The leader of the Liberal Democrats has said he is "disappointed" that a campaign for social care in England has been abandoned.
Barcelona have agreed to pay a £5m (£3.5m) fine to the club over the sale of Neymar to Real Madrid.
Two US senators have called for gun laws to be changed in the wake of the shooting at a school in Newtown, Connecticut.
The risks of fracking in the UK are too small to be considered, a group of leading scientists has said.
A suspicious package has been found at the Statue of Liberty in the US city of Cincinnati.
Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has apologised for saying he was "not drunk".
Premier League side Perth Glory have signed striker Chris Herd and defender Frank Nouble on two-year deals.
Tottenham could play at Wembley next season, according to the club's director of football, Steve Dyke.
For centuries, palm trees have been used as medicine to heal the skin and cleanse the body.
Growth in the UK's manufacturing sector slowed last month, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The UN human rights chief has called for an independent investigation into the killing of civilians in the Turkish city of Cizre.
If you're struggling to keep up with your finances, you might want to check your bank accounts.
Relatives of the victims of the Hillsborough inquests have been urged to apply for legal aid.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered to attend the funeral of former cricketer Richie Benaud.
The US has sent more than 1,000 troops to Iraq to help fight so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, the Pentagon says.
A body has been found in the River Firth in Inverness.
Average house prices in England and Wales have continued to rise, according to Nationwide.
Britain's Nick Kyrgios reached the Australian Open quarter-finals for the first time with a straight-set victory over Australia's Andy Murray.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Paul Christie has called for more young players to be allowed to play in Scotland.
A body has been found after a fire broke out at a house in Wrexham.
A man has been charged with the murder of a 14-year-old girl who was shot in the head at a school in India.
The London 2012 Festival has come to an end.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the role of the comforter in our daily lives.
Iran's foreign minister, Laurent Fabius, has said the country's nuclear deal with world powers will be signed in December.
A Scottish health board has been criticised for failing to act on concerns raised by MSPs.
A woman has died after a car she was travelling in was hit by a train in northern France.
A 13-year-old girl who was abducted from a school in north-eastern Nigeria last year has been found safe and well.
The Republic of Ireland Football Association (UEFA) has launched a new loyalty scheme for Northern Ireland fans.
Scotland's men's team will compete at the Rio Olympics for the first time.
BBC Persian staff in Iran have been subjected to harassment and intimidation, a human rights lawyer has said.
Wales' children's charity Unicef has urged the UK government to speed up the transfer of unaccompanied child refugees to France.
South Africa's environment minister has called for urgent action to stop the poaching of rhinos in northern Mali.
The Duchess of Cornwall is to attend the unveiling of the new colours of the Royal Welsh Regiment.
Ukraine's new interior minister has been accused of being a "monster".
A mental health specialist has said she was left "in a very difficult position" at a Lancashire prison.
Hibernian striker Jamie McGinn says his team's poor start to the season is a "wake-up call" for the club.
For years, Scotland Yard has been accused of using undercover police officers to cover up the deaths of children.
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has said it will delay the start of the auction of spectrum from Three and O2.
Voters in Mexico's most populous state, Chiapas, will go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, state media report.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic could become one of the world's most successful players, according to a leading football expert.
A new cargo ship has arrived at Caledonian MacBrayne shipyard.
When your daughter's A-level results are not good enough, it can be a very stressful time for you.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Friday as worries over the global economy continued to mount.
David Cameron's future as prime minister will not be decided until after the general election, according to former Foreign Secretary Alastair Duncan Smith.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks back at some of the most significant events in the past year.
A senior Saudi official has been sacked by the King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al-Khalifa.
Supermarket chain Tesco has agreed to sell all of its US stores to Mexican supermarket chain Yucaipa.
The new chief executive of a health board in South Australia has been named.
Former Rangers striker Dean Samels has joined FC Edmonton on a two-year deal.
Singer Rihanna has confirmed that she is to record her first solo album.
Baltimore's police chief is to step down, the city's mayor has said.
The number of prescriptions for an anti-depressant drug, Roaccutane, has reached a new all-time high.
Two members of the Shining Path rebel group have been killed in Peru's capital, Lima, officials say.
A Folland Gnat display team member has died in a plane crash, police have said.
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a drone strike in Afghanistan, officials say.
US President Donald Trump is expected to outline his plan to end the war in Afghanistan on Sunday.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in oil prices.
When Ricky Burns beat Ricky Burns to become the first British-born boxer to win a world title, it was a moment of euphoria.
The Burmese army has denied allegations of human rights abuses against Rohingya Muslims, a UN report says.
Victims of crime in England and Wales should be able to get support from police and crime commissioners, the author of the Children's Rights Act has said.
An Australian author who received a surprise email saying she had won a prestigious Australian literary prize has said she was "overwhelmed".
A German doctor who defended her PhD thesis on diphtheria has died at the age of 83.
Stoke City have signed former Fulham striker Sidwell for an undisclosed fee.
A woman has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving.
The number of properties being repossessed in England and Wales has fallen to its lowest level for three years, figures show.
A by-election has been held in Bridgend, County Antrim.
Leicestershire County Council is struggling to make ends meet.
Worcestershire captain Daryl Williams has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricket Association (PCA).
A London-based tour operator has said it will stop offering tours to wild animals.
Singer Stevie Wonder has announced he will perform at the Glastonbury Festival next year.
A swan has been rescued after being caught with a hook in its mouth.
The British and Irish Lions have won the first two Tests of their tour of New Zealand.
Police are being urged to crack down on vigilante vigilantes who prey on children.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says the club's recent poor start to the season is a "wake-up call".
A fire at a wood recycling plant in Carmarthenshire has been put out.
More than 1,000 complaints have been made to Highland Council about toilets on Skye.
Dychwelodd Cymru wedi caelio galw am Miss Lord y diwrnod cynt.
New Jersey Devils winger Joe Haddad has signed a new three-year contract with the club.
England's Moeen Ali hit a career-best century as his side beat West Indies by eight wickets in the first Test in Barbados.
Former News of the World editor Rupert Murdoch has been cleared of wrongdoing over phone hacking, a Commons committee has said.
The family of a woman who died from a brain tumour have said they are "devastated" to be reunited with her.
A 24-hour strike by Southern rail workers has ended.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi ddydd wedi cael ei gael yn ôl ei bod yn cael.
The trial of a man accused of raping a man has been adjourned until the end of the year.
A Swedish hospital has launched a pilot project to cut the length of its 24-hour working week.
Glasgow-based ethane cracker firm Ineos has announced plans to close its Grangemouth plant.
League Two side Bristol Rovers have signed West Bromwich Albion defender Alex Jones on a season-long loan deal.
The family of a five-year-old girl who died after being diagnosed with a rare disease have been given pink ribbons.
Hearts have signed goalkeeper Kevin Eckersley on a season-long loan deal.
Japan's biggest nuclear power company has said it has reached a deal with the Japanese government to resolve the Fukushima nuclear crisis.
Tata Steel has said it is in talks to sell its Port Talbot steelworks to a private equity firm.
The French government has confirmed it is in talks with the Vatican over a new ambassador to the Vatican.
Rangers beat Celtic 7-0 to reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a four-year-old boy.
The family of Porsche founder Paul Walker have filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the company.
Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto has vowed to help people affected by a deadly fire at a fireworks festival.
Scientists say they have found a way to make flu vaccines more effective in humans.
A review into the conduct of Northern Ireland's inquests into the deaths of soldiers has begun.
More than 1,000 people have died and more than 2,000 have been injured in the recent floods in Sri Lanka.
The prime minister has said he does not want to impose a four-year ban on people claiming EU welfare benefits.
Fans of Batman v Superman have been treated to a live-action screening of the film.
The safety of prison staff and prisoners is at risk, a report has found.
US President-elect Donald Trump has appointed Ivanka Trump as his daughter-in-law.
A Northamptonshire pub has been bought by a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum.
A group of Black Lives Matter activists has called on Facebook to remove racist content from its platform.
The M4 is one of Wales' busiest roads.
Paralympic champion Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain Cycling Team for the first time.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill praised his side's performance in their 2-1 friendly win over the Republic of Ireland.
Chelsea Ladies maintained their unbeaten start to the Women's Super League One season with a convincing victory over Liverpool Ladies.
Turkey's parliament has approved a controversial new law that allows police to use tear gas to disperse protesters.
A charity has launched a campaign to save the former home of poet Thomas the Tank Engine.
In the heart of New York City, there is a palpable sense of pride.
Luxury brand LVMH has said it will no longer sell Lego bricks in China.
Six people have been arrested as part of an investigation into alleged match-fixing in Serie A.
An independent review into the use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes in Wales has been launched.
The G8 summit in Londonderry has come to an end.
Birmingham City have signed striker Jack Cooper on loan until the end of the season.
Highland Council has backed a plan to encourage pupils to use computers in school.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a woman in Denbighshire.
The safety of inmates at a prison in Cheshire has improved, a report has found.
Russia says it has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian city of Palmyra.
A 19-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a woman in the US state of Arizona.
Iran's hardliners have reacted angrily to the latest round of peace talks between the United States and the Syrian government.
A new treatment for peanut allergy has been shown to be effective in treating patients with the condition, a study suggests.
Home Secretary Theresa May and Education Secretary Michael Gove have clashed over the publication of a letter criticising the government's handling of extremism.
Mead is one of the most popular drinks in the world.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect disruption as part of a major upgrade to a railway tunnel.
The family of a man who died in the Tunisia terror attack have paid tribute to him.
Human remains have been found at a harbour in Dumfries and Galloway.
Nick Clegg has warned the Liberal Democrats that a hung Parliament would "lurch off the edge" if they failed to form a coalition government.
A nature reserve which has been closed for more than five years has reopened to the public.
Tottenham striker Moussa Dembele has been banned from all football matches for three months after being charged with biting Tottenham defender Arter Arter.
In the early 1990s, the idea of a cross-party opposition to the Northern Ireland Executive was a radical idea.
A museum dedicated to World War One memorabilia is to receive £1m from the National Lottery.
Celtic striker Moussa Dembele says he will stay at the club until the end of the season.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says his side's performance in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Rangers was "unbelievable".
A police investigation into the unsolved murders of Peter Tobin has ended.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Billy Root hit a century to help his side beat Warwickshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
A member of the Muslim Council of Wales has said he is "deeply troubled" after being refused entry to the United States.
Three men have appeared in court charged with helping a Syrian man who travelled to Syria to join so-called Islamic State (IS).
Plans for a housing scheme in Northern Ireland should be considered, according to a report.
RB Leipzig maintained their unbeaten start to the Bundesliga season with victory over Hoffenheim.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling to his death on Anglesey.
Liam Halkett's second goal of the season gave Rangers victory over Livingston at Ibrox.
Footballers from all over the world have donated their shirts to Cambridge University in a bid to raise money for charity.
A 19-year-old man has been punched in the face in what police described as a "despicable" attack.
Jack Parkin scored twice as Forest Green beat Tranmere Rovers to reach the League Two play-off quarter-finals.
Harlequins have re-signed full-back Sam Watson for their Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday.
South Africa beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Johannesburg.
Firefighters have been tackling flooding at a seaside restaurant in Southend.
Nicole Seifert is one of the most successful female beauty pageant contestants in the world.
Guiseley came from behind to beat Ebbsfleet in the National League.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he will not change the country's relationship with the United States.
Members of the Welsh Assembly will not be able to vote on triggering Article 50 of the UK's Brexit bill, a senior justice has said.
Sam Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Hull City at the KCOM Stadium.
A man who suggested the name of a new submarine for Good Morning Jersey has said he is "proud" of the idea.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe for an undisclosed fee.
The chief constable of London's Metropolitan Police has said he will review the way the force deals with the threat of terrorism.
A handwritten note written by a German general has been sold at auction for £1,000.
The new culture secretary, John Whittingdale, has been appointed by the government.
A British man who went missing on holiday in Bulgaria has been found safe and well.
Jane Fonda has been honoured by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (Award).
The number of victims of child sexual abuse in England and Wales has more than doubled in the past five years, a charity has said.
Oldham Athletic striker Cristiano Montano has been sacked by the club.
One of the cloned animals, Daisy, has been diagnosed with a rare form of dementia.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has called for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union.
For decades, the United States has been the world's most powerful nation.
Premier League side Parma have been relegated to Serie A for the second time in three years.
Haiti's President Michel Martelly has apologised for a remark he made during a campaign rally.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Paul Flack and former X Factor judge Simon Cowell have joined the cast of The X Factor.
The mother of a man who died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway has called for the speed limit to be reduced.
A fire broke out on a railway line in Sheffield.
A British backpacker has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a train in Thailand.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says his side's poor start to the season is a "disaster".
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he is "very happy" with the fitness of midfielder Saido Nasri.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol to reach the third round of the Copa del Rey.
Ghana's Nana Akufo-Addo has been sworn in as the country's new president.
Tens of thousands of people have been protesting in Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, against government reforms.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
At least 20 people have been injured in a gas explosion at a cafe in Spain, local media report.
A man accused of trying to smuggle horsemeat into beef products has told a court he has been told to stop eating the meat.
India is set to become the first country in the world to create a biometric identity database.
GCHQ has said it will no longer be able to intercept the communications of UK citizens.
Michael Evans finished third in the first round of the World Rally Championship in Sweden.
Russia and Iran have signed a deal to end the war in Syria, which has left more than 1,000 people dead.
A London-based tea firm has agreed to pay a minimum wage of £10,000 to its workers.
Exeter Chiefs continued their impressive start to the Premiership season with a hard-fought victory over Wasps.
A court in the US state of Utah has closed after a man was shot dead during a trial of gang members.
The leader of the Welsh Labour Party has said he will vote for the party's candidate for the 2015 general election.
Tens of thousands of hate crimes have been committed in the UK since the vote to leave the EU, a human rights group has said.
All photographs are copyrighted.
The number of people with mental health problems at A&E in England has more than doubled in the last five years, figures show.
Liverpool City Council has called for the sale of the Southend Sun newspaper to be banned.
A man has been jailed for life for causing the death of a three-year-old girl by dangerous driving.
Bristol's bus and bus companies have been banned from merging following a review by the city's transport regulator.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has urged people to pray for the victims of the terror attacks in Paris and Brussels.
A US warship has been shot dead by Houthi rebels in Yemen, officials say.
Plans to make it easier for disabled people to walk have been approved by the government.
Newport County manager Steve Westley says he is ready to add to his squad, despite the club's relegation from League Two.
Substitute Danny Molesley's first-half strike gave Portsmouth victory over Aldershot in the FA Cup third round.
A collection of letters written by a World War Two bomber pilot has sold at auction for more than £1,000.
The head of the Welsh government's fight against bovine tuberculosis (BV) has said it is too early to say whether the programme is working.
A former editor of the News of the World has been arrested on suspicion of phone hacking.
A primary school in Gwynedd has been given the go-ahead by the Church of Wales.
Zambian champions Mazembe have won the African Champions League for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Algerian side Bejaembe.
Mali's army has been accused of carrying out mass executions of ethnic Tuareg rebels, a rights group says.
Notts County Ladies have signed former England Under-20 international Ashley Green for an undisclosed fee.
Great Britain reached the semi-finals of the Hockey World League with a 3-1 victory over Australia in the final of the tournament.
Cardiff Blues beat Newport Gwent Dragons to reach the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup.
Myanmar's former prime minister, Thein Sein, has been sworn in as the country's new prime minister.
Jewellery worth more than £20,000 has been stolen from a Lincolnshire jewellers.
A former GP has failed in his bid to have his name removed from the medical register.
Kumar Guptill's first-class century helped Pakistan beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the third one-day international in Hamilton.
A windmill in Hampshire has been restored to its former glory for the first time.
Tata Steel has announced it is to cut 1,000 jobs at one of its plants in Wales.
Britain's Laura Cave has won the Women's Ironman World Championships for the second year in a row.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has defended his decision to join the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Colchester United have signed former Colchester United striker Paul Guthrie on a two-year deal.
Britain's Anthony Joshua says he wants to become the first world champion to fight world champion Gennady Golovkin.
McLaren's Sebastian Vettel took pole position for the first practice session of the Bahrain Grand Prix.
Michael Maguire set the fastest time of the day at the Isle of Man TT.
The former owner of BHS, Sir Philip Green, has told Newsnight he is "very concerned" about plans to sell the company to a private equity firm.
The family of a former prisoner of war shot dead by soldiers in the Republic of Ireland has called for an inquest into his death to be held.
West Ham remain in the race for the Premier League title for the first time since the end of the 2013-14 season.
Former Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has undergone surgery on a broken leg.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union.
The chairman of the Scottish Croft Commission has said he will not resign.
A man has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a worker who fell from a warehouse roof.
Actor Gerry Anderson has said he had no idea he had Parkinson's disease.
More than 5,000 people are missing out on the benefits of the National Insurance scheme, a charity has said.
More than 1,000 people have attended a public meeting to discuss plans for a new seaside theme park.
Nigeria has suspended all flights to and from the United States because of foreign currency restrictions.
Aston Villa have signed striker Jakob Kozak for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.
Retailers in Wales have been banned from smoking cigarettes in public places.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis has named Sean Dyche as the best manager in the Premier League.
North Korea has successfully tested a new ballistic missile, the US military says.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says his side's World Cup qualifying campaign is over.
A court in Australia has refused to block the deportation of pro-life campaigner Paul Newman.
Jon Stewart's The Daily Show has become one of the most popular US TV shows of all time.
Scott Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Dumfries and Galloway Council.
England all-rounder Jos Buttler has signed a new three-year contract with Lancashire.
The BBC Proms has announced its line-up for the 2017 season.
The SNP has won a record number of seats in Scotland's local elections, according to official results.
The UN has called on the Iraqi government to do more to help the fight against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants.
Gusts of up to 60mph (97km/h) are expected to hit parts of Anglesey this weekend, the Met Office has said.
Scientists say they have developed a new type of "skin" that can be used to control the temperature of a person's skin.
Councillors in the Borders have been given the go-ahead for a major review into the future of schools.
Ayr United were held to a goalless draw by Ayr United in League Two.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car.
Stephen St Aubyn has been named the winner of this year's London Hay Festival.
England will face New Zealand in the semi-finals of the 2017 World Cup.
California has declared a state of emergency for the second time in three years, the state's water agency has said.
South Africa's first lion cub, Sylvester, has been removed from a national park.
The US state of Florida has removed a mosque from a polling place in the run-up to the general election.
Universities across the UK have voted to go on strike in a dispute over pay.
Ten people have been arrested in China for spreading rumours about the Tianjin explosions, state media report.
The world's oceans are becoming increasingly acidic, according to a new study.
The parents of a teenager who died after taking LSD have gone on trial at a coroner's inquest into his death.
The US Federal Reserve has warned that the UK's vote to leave the European Union will have a "significant impact" on the economy.
Britain's Chris Froome won the final stage of the Giro d'Italia to become the first man to win the Tour de France.
A Glasgow bus driver who died in a bin lorry crash should have been treated by a GP, an inquiry has heard.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has accused Germany of trying to "destroy" his country.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Guy Moussaoui on loan until the end of the season.
Scotland scrum-half Matt Fife has signed a new two-year contract with Edinburgh.
At least 19 people have been killed in three suicide bombings in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, officials say.
The Diamond Diamond League has signed a new deal with the BBC, which will see the Diamond League broadcast live for the next five years.
A record number of women have been elected to Iran's parliament.
A 12-year-old boy has become the youngest person in the world to win the European Spelling Championships.
Burton Albion defender Stephen Bywater has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Tens of thousands of teachers in England have been subjected to abusive online abuse, a union has said.
A Canadian woman has described how she and her four-year-old son escaped from a house fire.
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have confirmed they are in talks with Scottish Premiership side Partick Thistle.
Former Formula 1 world champion Richard Carswell has died after a crash at a motorcycling event in Kent.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has accused the US of trying to interfere in the US election.
The founder of American Apparel has filed a lawsuit against the company, accusing it of trying to extort money from female employees.
A memorial service has been held to remember a man who died after falling from a rooftop balcony in London.
At least eight people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in the northern Chinese province of Gansu, state media report.
Burton Albion reached the League Two play-off quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Reading.
The number of homeless people in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a report by the Shelter Scotland charity.
Michael Taylor will defend his IBF world welterweight title at London's O2 Arena on Saturday, according to promoter Eddie Hearn.
Cardiff has become the first city in the world to adopt a new approach to tackling violence.
It's been a long time since artificial intelligence (AI) was introduced to the world.
League Two side Hamilton Academical have signed midfielder Jack Maddison on loan until the end of the season.
Jung has become Great Britain's first horse-rider to win the Grand Prix of Badminton.
As Taiwan prepares to mark its 70th anniversary of independence from China, it's been a year since the island's founding.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest over the death of a man who was stopped by police.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared a public health emergency in response to the Ebola outbreak in West Africa.
Prime Minister David Cameron has called for a summit of world leaders to tackle corruption.
St Johnstone came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle and maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
The number of women who breastfeed has reached a record high, according to new figures.
Downton Abbey's War and Peace has topped the UK box office for the first time.
Gareth Bale will miss Wales' Euro 2016 qualifier against Serbia because of a hamstring injury, says head coach Paul Gunter.
A Czech woman has been found dead in a remote part of New Zealand.
The Western Sahara is a strategically important region of the Sahara Desert.
Belfast boxer Michael Donnelly won his first Commonwealth Games gold medal with a unanimous points victory in his first bout at the Rio Games.
A four-year-old boy has died after falling from a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta.
Italy's government has said it will not accept more than 200,000 migrants who are trying to cross the Mediterranean.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Alexander Anastasiadov, has apologised for comments he made during a visit to Poland.
A book by French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has been published.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a flood prevention exercise in Calderdale.
A new bridge has been built in Hong Kong.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with a stabbing at a school in Bradford.
Historic high rise flats in Glasgow are to be digitised as part of a project to preserve their heritage.
Olympic judo champion Stephanie O'Dowd has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a broken leg.
Scotland's prime minister has said there is "no way to get the best deal possible" with the European Union.
Wikileaks has released a trove of data that it says could be used to spy on US intelligence agencies.
Leeds City Council has been given the go-ahead to display a collection of religious books dating back more than 100 years.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's first-half equaliser gave Mansfield victory over Cheltenham.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a straight-set victory over Spain's Juan Martin del Potro.
The remains of a decommissioned oil rig have been removed from the Isle of Lewis, the Scottish government has said.
Celtic goalkeeper Scott Gordon says he is relishing the chance to play in the Champions League for the first time.
Daniel Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby in the National League.
More than 100 people have been killed in a landslide in the Colombian capital, Bogota, officials say.
Huddersfield Giants have signed winger Adam Ormsby on a season-long loan from Warrington Wolves.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Work has begun on a new high-speed rail link between London and Farlington.
A former member of the Provisional IRA has been charged with the murder of a woman who was kidnapped in Northern Ireland during the Troubles.
Leinster scrum-half Keith Earls has been ruled out of Saturday's Six Nations game against Ireland because of a hamstring injury.
A British man believed to have joined Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq has been released from Guantanamo Bay.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says he will not be out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Northern Ireland's first minister, Arlene Foster, has accused the UK government of failing to understand the challenges facing Northern Ireland.
The chief executive of Sports Direct, Dave Forsey, has resigned.
San Bernardino, California, is one of the most dangerous places in the world.
England beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the first Test in Dubai to take control of the second Test.
China won the men's doubles title for the first time at the Rio Olympics.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are on a three-day tour of Australia, New Zealand and New Zealand.
More than half of beaches in England and Wales do not have lifeguards, a charity has said.
American journalist Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 83.
The winner of this year's UK Children's Prize has been announced.
Birmingham City boss Steve Bruce will be able to return to Aston Villa for the first time, according to former Aston Villa defender Paul Savage.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said it is investigating a number of incidents in which police officers have been injured.
The wife of a BBC journalist who was seriously injured in an attack on a Tube station has said she is "devastated" by his recovery.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed defender David Lloyd on loan until the end of the season.
Dundee United maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Partick Thistle.
French cosmetics giant Avon has said it is in talks with its workers over the possible closure of its Paris office.
Formula 1 teams have been testing their new cars for the first time at the Mexican Grand Prix.
A three-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on a motorway in Rhondda Cynon Taff.
A sculpture of ceramic ceramic poppies has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the Battle of Waterloo.
For more than a century, Sir Jeffery Amherst has been the most famous British general in the world.
Olympic gold medallist Rebecca Jeptept has been banned from athletics for three years after being found guilty of doping.
Plans to expand a wind farm in Rochdale have been given the go-ahead.
Apple has been ordered to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) in damages after a US appeals court ruled it had infringed a university chip patent.
The family of a Northern Ireland football fan who died during Euro 2016 have paid tribute to him.
Stephen Harshell has been named as the winner of this year's TS Eliot Prize.
Former world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan has withdrawn from the 2017 World Championship in Coventry.
A woman who died after inhaling a shot of liquid nitrogen has been sentenced to three years in prison.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman in the Republic of Ireland.
Services for older people in the Western Isles are not good enough, according to a report.
A 19-year-old man has been seriously injured in a car attack in Glasgow.
DR Congo have been knocked out of the Africa Cup of Nations after a 1-1 draw with Zambia in the semi-finals.
Striker Ousmane Ntcham has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club after scoring a hat-trick in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Oyonnax.
Plans for a new dual carriageway on the A82 have been submitted to the Scottish government.
Microsoft has been accused of spoofing April Fools' Day.
UKIP's candidate for the assembly election has said he is confident the party can win all its seats in Wales.
The owner of a Polish deli in Peterborough says she has received a letter from a Polish man calling for her to leave the UK.
A Pembrokeshire police officer has been jailed for five years for sexually abusing a child.
The parents of a Mexican girl who went to her first birthday party in Mexico say they have been "overwhelmed" by the response.
A crowdfunding page has been set up to raise money for the family of a woman who died after being trapped in a lift.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released from a Pembrokeshire nature reserve.
The government's decision to close the National Crime Agency (NCA) has been criticised by forensic experts.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned as trustee of the University of Pennsylvania.
A large unexploded object has been found on a beach in Ceredigion.
More than 4,000 years ago, carbon emissions from the oceans rose faster than previously thought, according to a new study.
A man with a rare form of motor neurone disease, Gordon Aikik, is taking part in a challenge to become the first person in the world to do so.
Catalans Dragons reached the quarter-finals of the European Challenge Cup with a hard-fought victory over St Helens.
The owner of a Denbighshire seaside home has said he is "hopeful" he will be able to return to his home after flooding.
A new type of broadband service is to be rolled out to all parts of the UK.
Tax avoidance firms should face fines of up to 100% of their profits if they fail to pay tax, Labour has said.
Rugby should be banned from all schools in England and Wales, a leading expert has said.
Work is under way to restore Hurst Castle on the Isle of Wight.
An independent review into mesh mesh implants has been launched by the Scottish government.
Hundreds of eggs worth more than £10,000 have been stolen from a seabed.
The number of serious road accidents in England and Wales has fallen by more than 50% in the last five years, a charity has said.
Hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for a boycott of the annual Yulin dog festival in China.
Long Long has become the first South Korean to win a gold medal at the World Para-athletics Championships.
Manchester United have completed the signing of Netherlands midfielder Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven for an undisclosed fee.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the world of virtual reality.
Britain's Laura Coxsey has become the first woman to win a gold medal in the men's bouldering event at the Rio Olympics.
A Dundee man has been given a suspended jail term for swearing at worshippers at a mosque.
Three men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death.
A man has been seriously injured in a "brutal" knife attack.
The former head of the Church of Wales has said he is "disappointed" the Welsh Assembly has not backed a new devolution bill.
Conservationists have called for a rethink of the way commercial forestry is managed in Wales.
Two eels have been found on a river in Norfolk.
Bollywood star Salman Khan has been charged with the manslaughter of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run in Mumbai last year.
In the early hours of Monday morning, a man was shot dead in the head in the Republic of Ireland's capital, Dublin.
Glasgow Wheelers have launched a sportive to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of Robert Millar.
Changes to Wales' immigration system should be made to encourage more people to come to the UK, a group of MPs has said.
The number of patents for brain-tracking technology has more than doubled in the last decade, according to a new report.
A hospital has apologised after a surgical bungalow fell on to a patient during an operation.
Hungary's prime minister has accused the European Union of trying to force migrants to return to Europe.
The first lady Melania Trump has moved into the White House for the first time.
A Welsh AM has called for an independent inquiry into the handling of public finances.
A fire service worker has been sacked for failing to respond to a 999 call at a house in Devon.
A boys' school in Wrexham is to close.
Award-winning Welsh artist Barbara Williams has opened a new exhibition of her work.
One of the world's largest exchanges, Bitfinex, has suspended trading in the virtual currency after a security flaw was discovered.
Paralympic golfer Jason Gregory says he has learned a lot about his game as he prepares to defend his Masters title.
A 14-year-old girl who took her own life on a commuter train in France has been named by police as Oceane.
A woman who stabbed her mother to death has been sentenced to life in prison.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Friday as the dollar strengthened against other currencies.
Spain's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade, official figures show.
Manchester United came from behind to beat Arsenal in a pulsating derby at Old Trafford.
At least three people have been injured after a volcano erupted on the summit of Etna in northern Italy.
A former Scottish Conservative MP has called for the Scottish government to devolve more powers to English MPs.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland is a "great fit" for the national team, according to former New Zealand and British and Irish Lions captain Mark Brooke.
Benfica extended their lead at the top of the Portuguese league to nine points with victory over 10-man Sporting Gijon.
Olympic taekwondo champion Michael Smith has said he wants to represent Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
Down extended their unbeaten run to eight games with a comfortable victory over Meath in the All-Ireland Hurling Championship.
A Bristol councillor has died at the age of 83.
Tottenham striker Harry Townsend has been given a three-match ban by the Football Association for betting on matches.
In the middle of Manchester City's training ground, there is a loud noise.
The number of Americans with a college degree in the US has more than doubled in the last year, according to new research.
UK Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not want to talk about homosexuality.
Aberdeen-based construction firm Barratt Developments has announced plans to build new homes in Scotland.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) has been accused of failing to reach a deal with the Scottish government over its budget.
A three-year-old boy has died after falling into a crevasse at Yellowstone National Park.
Pop star Jamie Barlow has performed at a music festival in Oxford.
Six people have been rescued after a fire broke out in a block of flats in Glasgow.
Poland's parliament has voted in favour of a bill that would make abortion a criminal offence.
Three men have been found guilty of conspiracy to steal £1m from a jewellery store in London.
Scotland reached the quarter-finals of the Six Nations with a hard-fought victory over Scotland in Edinburgh.
Britain's Justin Gatlin set a new world record in the 100m hurdles at the European Championships in Brussels.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene considers why the US government has brought two men from Guantanamo Bay to the country.
Senegal's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations have been dealt a blow after a 1-1 draw in Jeju, South Africa.
A 19-year-old man has been injured in a gun attack in County Armagh.
West Ham striker Jack Carroll has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Former European Commission president Jean-Claude Barroso has been appointed as the new head of the European Commission.
Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Ben Howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The number of people in the UK working in the private sector has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, official figures show.
The number of children being adopted in England and Wales has fallen sharply, according to a new report.
Michael Dauman is to step down as chairman of the parent company of the late Robert Redstone.
Scotland's women's national team will not be allowed to speak to the media for the rest of the season, the Scottish FA has confirmed.
A torso has been found on the Danish island of Copenhagen, police say.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Forest Green Rovers came from behind to beat Dover Athletic in the National League.
A woman who stabbed her ex-boyfriend to death has been sentenced to life in prison.
The CIA has been involved in a series of attempted coup attempts in the Central African Republic since the end of the 1980s.
Ospreys fly-half Henry Vanderglas will make his Ospreys debut in Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final against Toulon.
A West Sussex primary school is to introduce a gender neutral uniform.
Northern Ireland's Jason Sharvin shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the Ballymena Open.
A sign which appeared on a busy road in Berkshire has been shared on social media.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA and Reuters
Archaeologists in Slough, County Londonderry, have been digging up what they believe to be the oldest settlement in the world.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in County Armagh.
A number of flights have been cancelled at Dublin Airport due to severe weather conditions.
Great Britain's Mark and Sarah Judson reached the semi-finals of the men's doubles at the Rio Olympics.
Super League side Castleford Tigers have signed former Newcastle Falcons prop Sam Samoan on a two-year deal.
Former Defence Secretary Lord West has told MPs he does not believe a Trident missile was fired in Wales.
One of the UK's best-known Star Wars fans has been selling Star Wars toys for more than £10,000.
Veteran striker Aleksandar Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against Serbia will be "the biggest game of my life".
The US justice department has changed its policy on the use of police officers to interview suspects.
A legal review into the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act has been launched.
A rare manuscript of the New Testament has been sold at auction for more than £1m.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has vowed to take action against separatists who took part in last week's referendum in Crimea.
Former Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Safiq has lost his appeal against his removal from the country's electoral commission.
Nottingham Forest head coach Paul Powell says he has no intention of resigning.
National League side Preston North End have signed striker Jack Preston on a season-long loan deal.
A former teacher accused of trying to rape a pregnant woman has told a court she had no intention of having a baby.
Tributes have been paid to former Watford manager Alan Taylor, who has died at the age of 90.
Japan's Nikkei index rose to its highest level in more than two years on Friday, as investors digested the latest economic data.
A new guidance on how to deal with domestic violence has been published by the University College London.
Deputy First Minister Nick Clegg has announced a new package of care packages for people with mental health problems.
Cuba's revolutionary leader, Fidel Castro, has died at the age of 90.
Jordan Rhodes scored twice as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Championship bottom side Bolton Wanderers.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the growing popularity of celebrity fragrances.
Two teenagers have been charged with murder following the death of a man in Londonderry.
The UK and France have agreed a deal to deal with the migrant crisis at the migrant camp of Calais.
British boxer Jade Brace is set to make her professional debut at the 2017 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
A collection of Dylan Thomas manuscripts has been donated to a Swansea university.
A musical based on the life of Sue Townsend has opened to the public.
A woman has been taken to hospital after falling from a tunnel in Cardiff.
Stranraer have parted company with manager Brian Reid.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party over comments she made about Adolf Hitler.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he hopes to reach a deal with international creditors by the end of the week.
Five men have been arrested in Chad after a woman was raped in the capital, Ouagadougou, police say.
Plans for new flats and social housing in Norwich have been approved by councillors.
Teachers in Northern Ireland are to stage a three-day strike in a dispute over pay.
US TV network Netflix has said it will not air a new documentary about comedian Bill Cosby, following allegations of sexual assault.
For more than a decade, Jim Fernandez has been the voice of the indigenous community in Australia.
A woman and her husband have been reunited with their medals after they were stolen from a quarry in Surrey.
Liverpool have agreed a new deal to sign Manchester City midfielder Raheem Sterling for an undisclosed fee.
Landowners in Inverness have been given the go-ahead to introduce a new law to protect their land.
Nour, a 13-year-old girl who escaped from the Islamic State (IS) militant group in Syria, has been speaking to the BBC about her ordeal.
National League side Ebbsfleet Town have signed striker Jack Mills on a two-year deal.
A court in Germany has opened criminal proceedings against two people accused of trying to smuggle asylum seekers into the country.
Worcestershire all-rounder Alex Mellor has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A chatbot that allows people to pay their bills using their mobile phones has become a huge success in the US.
Former Lancashire MP Lord Waddington has died aged 83.
A new bus ride service has been introduced at a Cardiff hospital in a bid to reduce traffic congestion.
Sir David Attenborough's Blue Planet has been accused of faking the moment a giant iguana appeared in a film.
A charity set up to raise money for improvements to Cumbria's Lake Wainwright has been selected.
Millwall were held to a goalless draw by Shrewsbury in the League Two play-off semi-final.
GoPro, the maker of GoPro action cams, has announced that it will cut its workforce by more than half.
A mental health tribunal has ruled that Ian Brady, one of the UK's most notorious murderers, has a mental illness.
A police investigation into the death of a 72-year-old man has been launched by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
The number of Arctic floes in the Arctic is likely to be lower than it was in 2012, according to a new study.
Morocco have reached the quarter-finals of the Confederation Cup for the first time with a 2-1 victory over French side Kabylie.
Michael Nagle, the former chief executive of Norbrook, has been appointed as the new chairman of the company.
Arsenal moved to within a point of the Premier League title with a comfortable victory over Chelsea at Emirates Stadium.
A baby white lion has been born at a zoo in South Africa.
Bristol Rovers have signed midfielder Jack Kirby and defender Jack Duggan on two-year contracts.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being injured in a crash involving a car on the Isle of Wight.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted in Belfast city centre.
American fashion brand Abercrombie & Fitch has apologised after a tweet about gay people was shared on social media.
The family of a woman who died at Banbridge Funeral Home say they are being investigated by the liquidators of the firm.
The leader of the Houthi rebels in Yemen's capital, Sanaa, has been freed.
Scientists say they have developed a way to reduce the risk of head injuries in football.
Bournemouth have signed Bournemouth goalkeeper Joe Federici on a two-year deal.
The conviction of two men involved in the Omagh bomb attack has been upheld by the Northern Ireland Supreme Court.
The chief academic of the Royal Society of England has said the UK's universities will continue to receive funding from the European Union after Brexit.
The introduction of a ban on smoking in public places in Scotland has had a significant impact on air quality, according to a new study.
Bayern Munich reached the Champions League group stage for the first time with victory over Atletico Madrid.
Scotland head coach Gregor Cotter says he is "very proud" of his side after they beat Japan in Tokyo.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC head coach Paul Chester as their new head coach.
Police Scotland has called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis.
Anti-Muslim hate crimes have risen since the UK voted to leave the European Union, Prime Minister David Cameron has said.
Plaid Cymru has set out its manifesto for the general election.
Kent Football Club has reported a pre-tax loss of £1.5m for the first three months of the year.
Islamic State (IS) militants have taken control of the northern Syrian town of Qaryatain, activists say.
More than 1,000 UK students have been awarded honorary degrees in the US as part of a project to strengthen the relationship between the two countries.
A six-year-old girl has been chosen as the winner of a short story competition.
A Mongolian rapper has been beaten to death during a concert in Mongolia, officials say.
The family of a cyclist who died after being hit by a car have launched a legal action against Rochdale council.
The body of a man missing for more than a week has been found on a mountain in Aberdeenshire.
Spain have reached the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup for the first time.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire have been uncovered in Oxford.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Olivia Gillan's latest film is set in Inverness.
Harlequins reached the quarter-finals of the European Champions Cup with a hard-fought victory over Paris St-Germain.
Juventus maintained their unbeaten start to the Serie A season with a comfortable victory over Porto.
Owen Ball has been named in Wales' squad for the Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday.
Plans for a permanent memorial to David Bowie have been put on hold.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a 79-year-old man at his home.
Dagenham and Redbridge continued their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over York.
ITV has signed a new deal to run the X Factor and X Factor.
The European Football Association (Uefa) has condemned violence at Marseille's Stade Velodrome as "disgraceful".
Iraqi forces say they have retaken the northern city of Amerli from Islamic State (IS) militants.
Millions of dollars worth of virtual currency have been raised in the last year, the US regulator has said.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Ruth Williams has said she would not have voted for tuition fees if the party was in power.
Scotland's Laura Banker won the first title of her career as she won the women's doubles title at the Scottish Championships in Glasgow.
Ivory Coast reached the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations for the first time with a 2-1 victory over Algeria.
Call of Duty fans have been reacting to the release of a new video game in Singapore.
A new method of controlling the spread of lice has been developed by researchers at Glasgow University.
North Korea is one of the world's most repressive countries.
Chancellor George Osborne has announced his Budget for the coming year.
Laura Trott became the first British woman to win the UCI Para-athletics Championships with victory in the women's individual sprint.
Michael Martin has pulled out of racing after failing to qualify for this year's Isle of Man TT.
Police in Venezuela's capital, San Cristobal, have lifted a curfew imposed by the government.
People living in social housing should be allowed to buy their own homes, according to a Scottish government survey.
A new exhibition has opened in Liverpool which aims to transform the city's skyline.
A man has discovered the deepest part of Loch Ness in the UK.
Plans for a new library in the Scottish Borders have been given the go-ahead.
The family of a British aid worker kidnapped in Afghanistan say they were tricked into thinking she would be killed.
A group of Hong Kong police officers have been found guilty of assaulting a protester during last year's pro-democracy protests.
The family of a six-year-old boy who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run have said they are "devastated" he has been able to walk again.
Gerry Rafferty, one of the UK's most successful musicians, has died at the age of 83.
Images courtesy of AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
A plastic bag factory in Lancashire has been forced to close after the introduction of a 5p plastic bag charge.
A lesbian couple in Indonesia's Aceh province have been ordered to be burned to death by a Muslim cleric.
Six former miners have been cleared of fraud after a High Court judge dismissed their case against them.
Michael McKinstinstinstock, the former Northern Ireland head coach, has been diagnosed with Ebola in Sierra Leone for the first time.
Scotland's Jamie Forsyth says he is relishing the prospect of playing in Glasgow for the first time.
The family of a County Antrim property developer have reached a settlement with the Ulster Bank.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector slowed in May, according to a closely-watched survey.
Championship side Birmingham City have signed striker Sam Makris on a season-long loan deal.
Oscar-winning actor John Wallach, best known for his role in The Wallach Brothers, has died at the age of 83.
British number one Johanna Konta will begin her bid to become the first British woman to reach the semi-finals of the US Open.
Police in India have issued a warning to people travelling to India after a deadly lorry attack.
UK consumer confidence has fallen to its lowest level since the UK voted to leave the European Union, according to a survey.
A car bomb has exploded in the centre of the Syrian capital, Aleppo, killing at least 20 people, activists say.
Forest fires in parts of the Amazon rainforest are more likely to cause tree-mortality, a study suggests.
Two men have been remanded in custody charged with the murder of a woman who went missing more than a year ago.
Two bodies have been found at a house in Sheffield.
Yeovil Town midfielder Jade Howard has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.
Nigeria's former governor, James Ibori, has lost his appeal against his deportation to the UK.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) has apologised after a fake email was sent to its website.
Paralympic walker Jade Davies says the London Marathon has been a "dream come true" for her.
Former Yorkshire batsman Paul Appleyard has died at the age of 83.
A woman accused of trying to kill her boyfriend has pleaded not guilty to his murder.
Wales fly-half Sam Warburton says he has no regrets about taking over as captain of the British and Irish Lions.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead in a Birmingham street.
Pakistan says it will appeal against the execution of a Pakistani army officer who was sentenced to death last year.
The gender pay gap between male and female workers in the UK is at an all-time high, the BBC has learned.
A scheme to stop children from illegally parking at a primary school has been suspended, a BBC investigation has found.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager Paul Joyce after just two games in charge.
A man has been jailed for four years for trying to steal a teenager's car.
Spain's Maria Sakkari beat Italy's Francesca Schiavoni in straight sets to reach the second round of the French Open.
An anti-austerity activist group has called for more support for Jeremy Corbyn in the Labour leadership contest.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes after a powerful earthquake struck Chile's south coast.
Coventry City fans have been celebrating the club's move to the Ricoh Arena for more than a decade.
League Two side Bury have extended the loan spell of Bury until the end of the season.
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards for its coverage of the Northern Ireland Country Music Festival.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at how some of the UK's biggest banks deal with internet banking.
A pipe bomb has been found at a school in north Belfast.
Indian media have been reacting to reports that the army has entered a disputed area of the western Himalayan region of Ladakh.
Kilmarnock Ladies have signed former Scotland Under-19s and Women's Super League One champions Laura Stanjer and Jessica Soman on two-year contracts.
A block of flats in the heart of Gaza's capital, Doha, has been built by the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas.
CrossCountry has said it will not be affected by any changes to its timetables.
The US says it is "deeply concerned" by China's latest move to expand its naval presence in the South China Sea.
Vatican cardinals have arrived in Rome to begin the process of electing a new Pope.
Elena, a mother of three, is struggling to pay off her family's debts.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has called on China to strengthen its currency, the yuan, to help boost growth.
Three teenagers have been rescued after a boat capsized in the Highlands.
BT's Openreach broadband division could be split off, the UK's telecoms regulator has said.
Nigeria's Supreme Court has opened a criminal court in the capital, Ouagadougou, charged with corruption.
At least 20 people have been killed in a severe storm in the South African capital, Cape Town, officials say.
A freight train carrying more than 1,000 tonnes of goods has derailed in the US state of Tennessee.
Paralympic Para-archery champion Jade Brown says she wants to compete at Rio 2016.
A man who died after being knocked down by a Porsche has been named by an inquest into his death.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a bulldozer smashed into a house.
Ferrari's Nico Rosberg took pole position for the second practice session of the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Cardiff Blues maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a bonus-point win over Pau Pau.
A Shropshire council has said it will take legal action against the owners of a crematorium.
The European Council President, Donald Tusk, has written to the United Kingdom to express his "deep and special partnership" with the European Union.
Poultry litter in Northern Ireland is a problem that needs to be solved, the government has said.
A 17th Century painting by a Spanish artist has been seized by French customs officials.
Olympic champion Sir Bradley Wiggins has been invited to give evidence to the UK Anti-Doping Agency (Ukad).
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a shopkeeper in Glasgow.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Scotland looks at the latest opinion polls on the Scottish independence referendum.
Leeds Rhinos head coach Steve McDermott says the club's players have been "overwhelmed" by the Grand Final success.
Somerset all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Contract talks between junior doctors and the government have ended.
Afghanistan and Pakistan have agreed to set up a hotline to discuss the security situation in the country.
The Sydney Sixers beat the Perth Scorchers by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the Women's Big Bash League.
Carca extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with victory over Levante.
The chief of the Spanish rail company Renfe has said there was no evidence that a train derailed on the Galician coast.
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of a student who died in the Manchester Arena attack.
Kirsty Beaumont hit a career-best five-wicket haul as Lancashire beat Yorkshire by eight wickets in the Women's Super League.
Championship side Fulham have signed Fulham midfielder Alex Petsos on loan until the end of the season.
Asian shares have fallen sharply in the wake of comments from US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen.
Cardiff Blues reached the European Champions Cup quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Gloucester at Kingholm.
A lorry has been crushed by a sinkhole in a road.
It was one of the most successful Formula 1 seasons of all time.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Doncaster.
Hibernian reached the Scottish Cup semi-finals for the first time with a comfortable victory over Hibernian.
A dog has died after being poisoned in Essex, the RSPCA has said.
Wales head coach Huw Jenkins says his side's Six Nations win over France on Saturday was a "massive success".
Mae ddyddio'r cyfeirnod RC 1712 2068 wedi cael ei gael yn ôl yn cael yn yn iddiadio.
Scientists have created tiny "fingerprints" that can be used to identify a person.
Police are appealing for the public's help to stop drugs being stolen from a pharmacy in Glasgow.
England have taken control of the second Test against South Africa in Johannesburg.
Olympic gold medallist Jade Andrews says she has been overwhelmed by the reaction to her victory in the women's 10,000m at the World Championships in Inverness.
The Turkish capital, Ankara, is one of the world's most important cities.
Three men have been cleared of raping and murdering a 15-year-old girl on a beach in the Indian state of Goa.
If you're a Dundee United fan, you might be forgiven for wondering if you've heard a message in the past.
A woman has been charged with raping a taxi driver in the US state of Ohio.
The family of a Foyle man who died after falling from a flat in China have said they are "devastated" by his death.
A Scottish artist has made his first solo exhibition.
Liam Lopez scored a hat-trick as Scotland beat France to reach the quarter-finals of the Six Nations.
Bus drivers in Dorset and Yeovil are set to go on strike in a dispute over pay.
The Michelin factory in Ballymena, County Antrim, is to close.
More than half of the world's countries have yet to contribute to the fight against the war in Syria, says charity Oxfam.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been named best film at the Golden Globe Awards.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has been described as one of the greatest managers in the world.
A dog has been taken to the skies for the first time on a flight from London to Cyprus.
The US state of Hawaii has issued a revised version of President Donald Trump's controversial travel ban.
In our series of letters from Scottish journalists, we look at some of the key questions that have been raised during the referendum campaign.
Former students at Swansea University have accused the university of bullying them.
Northampton flanker Mike Hughes has been named in England's squad for the autumn tour of South Africa.
Derbyshire have signed all-rounder Sam Cotton and wicketkeeper Sam Taylor on one-day international contracts.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a series of vigils to mark the release of a man who has been charged with the murder of a South African woman.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising Declaration has been sold at auction in Dublin.
A payday lender has agreed to pay more than £20m in compensation to customers affected by its practices.
Singer and songwriter Barbara Collins has said she is "very, very lucky" to be alive after suffering a fractured skull.
Motorists in Edinburgh have been given the go-ahead to increase the speed limit on the city's main roads.
The number of non-urgent NHS appointments in Scotland has more than doubled in 10 years, according to new figures.
Royal Mail has appointed four women as its new chief executives.
The chief executive of the Balmoral Show has said it will take a decade to build a new motorway link between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK.
The Australian government has reached a settlement with a group of asylum seekers who claim they were illegally resettled on the Pacific island of Manus.
A former head teacher who sexually abused children in Sheffield has been jailed for five years.
Plans for a tower block in Southampton have been given the go-ahead.
Scott Joubert has defended his IBF super-middleweight title with a second-round stoppage of Jamie Joubert in Glasgow.
A Grade II-listed theatre in Lancashire has been put up for sale.
Pope Francis has changed the Catholic Church's policy on abortion.
A Nepalese couple have been charged with attempting to climb Mount Everest.
Manchester City came from behind to beat Burnley and maintain their unbeaten start to the Premier League season.
A woman has died and a man has been arrested in connection with a fire at a house in Kilmarnock.
US coffee chain Starbucks has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
Red Bull team-mate Mark Webber says he is ready to challenge for the Formula 1 title for the first time.
Nicola Sturgeon has called on the UK government to do more to help refugees.
Plans for a new specialist cancer unit in Glamorgan have been given the go-ahead.
Bristol City moved to within four points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Bristol Rovers.
Aberdeen's A&E departments have been closed for the rest of the week, the health board has said.
Barclays has agreed to pay $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) to settle claims it defrauded US regulators.
Two young Irish rugby players have been allowed to play without goggles for the first time.
Scotland will host the 2017 European Champions Cup and Challenge Cup finals, European Rugby has announced.
Crewe Alexandra head coach Paul Davis has signed a new five-year contract with the League Two club.
Exeter Chiefs beat Saracens to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Hospitals in England are being told not to use Google's search engine, the NHS has said.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Kashima Kashima to reach the Club World Cup final for the first time.
The family of missing RAF serviceman Corrie Mckeague have said they are "devastated" at the discovery of rubbish at a landfill site.
The cost of a free childcare scheme in Wales could be as high as £10,000 a year, according to a think tank.
Cara Corden and the First Lady have been filmed dancing in the car of the US President Barack Obama.
A museum dedicated to Pride and Prejudice has opened to the public.
Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Smith says his side's Super League semi-final against Wigan will be a "massive lift".
England all-rounder James Woakes has been named the world's best batsman for 2016.
Five children have been taken to hospital after being involved in a collision involving a car and a van in North Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman died in a crash on a dual carriageway in Bangor.
Derek Draper's hat-trick helped TNS to a 2-1 victory over Forfar Athletic in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals.
Plaid Cymru leader Carwyn Jones has said the Welsh Government needs to do more to tackle poverty and inequality.
A former footballer has been arrested in Cambridgeshire on suspicion of indecent assault.
A number of Scottish authors have been recognised with the Queen's Birthday Honours.
The number of nursing homes in England has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a new report.
A woman accused of drink-driving in the US state of New York has pleaded not guilty to a drink-drive charge.
Scientists say they have found a gene that could explain why humans have a larger brain than previously thought.
Tottenham have signed midfielder Roberto Soldado from Valencia for an undisclosed fee.
A Northumberland hospital has been ordered to remove a pizza from its menu.
More than £1m has been pledged to help flood victims affected by Storm Desmond.
Five women have been shortlisted for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year award.
Huddersfield Giants reached the Super League quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Widnes Vikings.
US rock band U2 have returned to Dublin for the first time since the release of The Joshua Tree.
Wales reached the quarter-finals of Euro 2016 with a comfortable victory over Moldova.
The Met Office has issued a yellow flood warning for parts of Northern Ireland.
Iranian police have arrested 13 people in connection with a video showing them dancing to Happy Hour, state media report.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend has told a court he was responsible for her death.
A legal challenge to a government plan to cut air pollution in London has been dismissed by the High Court.
The first female conductor to lead a symphony orchestra in the world has spoken of her delight at the success of the London Proms.
A young Afghan woman has told the BBC how she was sexually abused by her father for more than 20 years.
A former Royal Navy pilot has been jailed for six years for causing a F-16 fighter jet to crash in Afghanistan.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has launched a new propaganda channel on its Telegram app.
Iraqi parliament has voted in favour of sweeping reforms to the country's political system.
Kenya beat Tanzania 2-1 to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Africa Cup of Nations.
Great Britain have won the women's rowing title for the first time with victory over Denmark in the men's team rowing final.
Plans for a bridge over London's River Thames have been given the go-ahead.
Hull City manager Paul van Aanholt should have made more signings before the end of the season, says assistant manager Paul Davies.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England.
The Republic of Ireland's Citizens' Assembly has voted in favour of legalising abortion.
Saracens scrum-half Conor Murray has been cleared of concussion by the Rugby Football Union (RFU).
Iraqi security forces have fired tear gas to disperse anti-government protesters in the capital Baghdad, officials say.
A woman who gave birth to her first child has been ordered to undergo a sterilisation operation, the High Court has ruled.
A competition to design a Victorian stately home for the first time has been launched.
Chris Froome won stage two of the Criterium du Dauphine to become the first Briton to win the Tour de France.
Footage has been released of firefighters tackling a huge fire at a shopping centre in Hampshire.
Five men have been arrested in Italy as part of a counter-terrorism operation targeting so-called Islamic State (IS).
Jordan is one of the world's most important countries.
International aid agencies have been ordered to stop operating in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk, the UN's humanitarian chief has said.
India will not play in this year's Champions Trophy, the country's governing body has announced.
Plans to reintroduce forests to flood-prone parts of the UK have been backed by former Prime Minister Lord Rooker.
The US government has ordered a raid on a tribal casino on the Indian-administered US territory of the Santee Sioux tribe.
The Conservatives have been elected as the new Tees Valley mayor.
A Ukrainian woman has claimed that a bronze bust of the Russian tsar has been found on the side of a church in Crimea.
US President-elect Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to the US Supreme Court.
In the early 1990s, Sarah Howe became the first woman to work as a computer programmer in the US.
A former railway station in Nottingham has opened to the public for the first time.
Shares in China's manufacturing sector have fallen more than 5% after a closely watched survey indicated a slowdown in the sector.
Three men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a gang of masked men in central London.
Leverkusen striker Mats Hummels has told his team-mates not to "shut up" after he was sent off in the 1-1 draw with Werder Bremen.
Austria's far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party has won a record number of seats in the European Parliament.
The Green Party has elected a new leader for Orkney and Shetland Islands.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car in Dumfries and Galloway.
The Scottish Parliament has voted to leave the European Union.
A letter written by a County Antrim woman has been found in a garden.
The Prince of Wales has visited Scotland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
Wakefield Trinity have signed Hull KR prop Will Mason on a two-year deal.
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has agreed to buy a US pharmaceutical company for $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn).
A Canadian man who was kidnapped in the Philippines last year has been killed.
Madonna has taken to Snapchat for the first time.
South Africa's ruling African National Congress (ANC) has apologised after a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma was published online.
Cornwall has voted to remain a member of the European Union.
A 79-year-old man has been threatened with a knife after being robbed at knifepoint.
The Scottish Conservatives have taken control of the Scottish Parliament for the first time.
Former world champion Juan Figueiredo beat former world champion Ding Junhui in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the World Championship.
The Crown Prosecution Service has been criticised for not doing enough to deal with victims of crime.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of the Aegon Classic in Warsaw, Poland.
A memorial has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of a squadron of RAF Spitfires shot down during World War Two.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has sent a probe to Saturn to find out if there is life on the planet.
Thousands of people have taken part in street parties to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday.
Oscar-winning actress Helen Rees has died at the age of 83.
A teacher has been charged with making a hoax bomb threat at a primary school.
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed former National League side Dover Athletic on a season-long loan.
Manchester United have won the Premier League for the first time in their history.
Two Irish students, Niccolai and Eoghan Donohoe, have died in a plane crash in San Francisco.
Schools in South Korea have cancelled a major exam due to a suspected cheating scandal.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has called for a "throwback" of Clause VII of the party's constitution.
Swansea captain Sigurdsson says the club's style of play has improved since the end of last season.
A Gwynedd police force has been rated the best in the UK for tackling domestic abuse.
Paul Zeuge won his WBA super-middleweight title for the first time with a unanimous points victory over world champion Chris Smith in Germany.
Oscar-winning actor Tom Broadbent has been cast in a new film about the Great Train Robbery.
The US has said it is "not playing games" with India over the arrest of a maid accused of fraud.
England have reached the semi-finals of the World Cup for the first time.
The United Arab Emirates has been shortlisted for this year's Amnesty International Human Rights Award.
Plans to create a "Northern Powerhouse" in the north of England have been given the go-ahead by the chancellor.
British number one Andy Evans reached the second round of the Australian Open with a straight-set victory over world number one Johanna Konta.
Voting is under way in local elections across England and Wales.
A 13-year-old boy has been found dead in a river in the Scottish Borders.
A French politician has launched a campaign calling for vegetarian meals to be banned in schools.
Dublin moved to within two points of the All-Ireland semi-finals with victory over Mayo at Croke Park.
Dozens of Syrian refugees have arrived in Derry, County Tyrone, for the first time since the start of the war.
A Belarusian athlete has been banned from competing at the Rio Paralympics after apparently waving a Russian flag during the opening ceremony.
A farmer has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a toddler by dangerous driving.
Former British Tour de France champion David Miller has been appointed as the new director of anti-doping at British Cycling.
Tens of thousands of people have been affected by a huge fire that has been burning for more than a week.
Five men have been arrested in London over alleged links to the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Scientists are debating whether to use a "twist-wave" technique to communicate with each other.
When a woman gives birth to her first child, it is a time to think about how to deal with mental health issues.
Worcestershire batsman Michael Shantry has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
Community hydro projects in Wales are facing cuts of up to £2,000 a year, the BBC has learned.
Brighton striker Jack Stephens has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final against Huddersfield because of a knee injury.
France's far-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon has said he will not seek re-election.
More than half of UK workers say they have been absent for more than a week, according to a new survey.
The cladding on a block of flats in Sheffield has failed fire safety tests, a council has said.
A doctor who falsely claimed he was a doctor from India has been charged with fraud.
US President Barack Obama has said he has no problem with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
A woman accused of raping a 12-year-old girl at a care home has pleaded not guilty.
The government has outlined its plan to tackle extremism in the UK.
Former Northern Ireland Secretary Lord Trimble has backed Theresa May's call for an "open free border" with the Republic of Ireland.
Chancellor George Johnson is to call for a review of the way university students are paid.
A rare Tyrannosaurus rex has been sold at auction in the US for $1.5m (Â£1.3m).
Wycombe Wanderers were held to a draw by Blackpool in the League Two play-off semi-final.
The number of people referred to mental health services in Wales has more than doubled in the past five years, a charity has said.
A pair of heart defibrillators have been stolen from a care home.
More needs to be done to tackle potholes on roads in England and Wales, according to a leading motoring body.
A new 20mph speed limit has been introduced in Greater Manchester, the city council has said.
St Johnstone striker Alex Craig has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Labour's chances of winning power in Wales are a "complete red herring", according to former Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Helen Stevens.
A greyhound has been found dumped in a water tank in Lancashire.
The trial of a German woman accused of being part of a far-right neo-Nazi gang has been adjourned for more than two hours.
Mexican TV network Univision has pulled its coverage of this year's Miss America pageant.
Oscar-winning actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised after being booed at the Golden Globes.
Newport city centre has reopened to the public for the first time.
The governor of India's central bank has said he does not think it is necessary to do more to help the country's economy.
The Conservative Party has said it will cut £5bn (£3.3bn) from its tax bill in the coming year.
Rescuers searching for survivors of a devastating earthquake in Italy say they are still trying to find survivors.
A memorial service has been held to remember the victims of the Shoreham air disaster.
The chief constable of Devon and Cornwall Police has said he is "disappointed" the police and crime commissioner is moving to a new building.
Australia's government has announced a $1bn (Â£1bn) loan package for drought-hit areas of the country.
A grand jury in the US state of Oregon has found no wrongdoing in the death of Sandra Bland, who was found hanged in her cell.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Crewe Alexandra defender Alex Nolan on a season-long loan deal.
World number one Ronnie D'Sullivan reached the semi-finals of the WBC World Championship with a 6-3 6-2 win over fellow Briton David Ding.
Solihull Moors defender Andreas Berg has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury.
A woman accused of causing the death of a man who was crushed by a washing machine has told a court she feared for her life.
Mae Nghaerdydd wedi cael ei ddydd yn ôl ei mewn ei gael yn cael yn yn ddydydd.
Hartlepool United have parted company with manager Paul Cox following the club's relegation from League Two.
The world's biggest chocolate maker, Cadbury, has announced it is ending its Fairtrade certification.
African-American author Ada Adichie has won the National Critics Book Prize for her first novel.
A Rangers fan has been fined £10,000 after being caught on CCTV striking a fan during a pre-season friendly.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has warned of a possible terror attack on the NFL game in San Francisco on Sunday.
Former Bolton Wanderers striker Fabrice Muamba has been taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries, according to his doctor.
A man has died after being found unconscious in a flat in Dumfries.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg set the fastest time in the first practice session at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Swedish artist Hans-Ulrich Ulrich has been named as the world's most influential artist.
Malaysia's oil giant Shell has apologised after a number of social media users posted lewd images of a woman on its website.
Mae gynradd o bob 10 ysgolion wedi cael ei drefn ar gyfer yngolion uwchradd.
When I was a child, I used to eat a lot of vegetable oil.
Worcestershire maintained their unbeaten start to the County Championship with a seven-wicket victory over Kent.
North Korea has launched a ballistic missile that it says could be capable of carrying out a nuclear attack, US officials say.
The Information Commissioner's Office has warned of a rise in the number of people being conned out of their pension funds.
The brother of two former loyalist paramilitaries have won a legal challenge to a judge's decision to allow them to remain in prison.
A law banning the sale of contact lenses has been passed in England and Wales.
A British man who worked at a Byron restaurant chain in London has said he is "disappointed" the Home Office has not deported him.
League Two side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Jordan Cole on a season-long loan from League Two side Swindon Town.
Oscar-winning actress Christina Christie is to star in the new series of Top Gun, BBC Two has announced.
Antrim-based Derivatives has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.5m for the first half of the year.
A man who carried out a series of burglaries in Manchester city centre has been given a 12-month community order.
The Taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Enda Kenny has said the UK would be "senseless" if it voted to leave the European Union.
A public inquiry into undercover police operations in Scotland has been given the go-ahead.
Lazio have been given a three-match ban by European football's governing body Uefa.
A judge in New York has ruled that Apple has the power to unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman.
A rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been cancelled.
Ospreys scrum-half Rhys Webb says he expects to be fit for Wales' Six Nations opener against Ospreys on Saturday.
A four-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a dog in a garden.
Bolton Wanderers defender Doris Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club.
A Victorian railway carriage has been restored to its former glory.
Photographs of nude people have gone on display in Hull for the first time.
Cromwell Wall's original wax cylinders have been restored for the first time.
UKIP has accused the BBC of making false statements about UKIP leader Nigel Farage.
Researchers in Italy have developed a robotic tentacle that can be used in surgery.
A rare steam locomotive has made its first journey to York.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a performance of The Hunger Games.
Two of Wales' most popular radio stations are to close, the BBC has learned.
Argentina's Supreme Court has ordered the seizure of oil and gas assets on the Falkland Islands.
One of the world's most powerful aircraft, the F-35 Lightning II, has made its first flight.
The UK's energy strategy has been published by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).
A photo-sharing app has been launched in the UK.
World number one Hideki Matsuyama shot a four-under-par 65 to become the first Japanese golfer to reach the top of the world rankings.
The search for a kayaker who went missing off the coast of County Down has been called off.
Facebook has released a new version of its Messenger messaging app.
It's been a busy week for the UK's foreign policy.
US Defence Secretary Ash Carter has announced the deployment of US special forces to fight Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq and Syria.
Egyptian police have raided the offices of pro-democracy groups in the capital, Cairo.
If you go to the National Museum of Natural History in London, you'll be greeted by the smell of rotting flesh.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling off a beach in Caerphilly county.
One Direction fans have been left "devastated" by the cancellation of their Little Mix concert in Belfast.
Work is under way on a new memorial to the Battle of the Somme aircraft carrier Spitfire.
Josh Owens scored a hat-trick as Warrington beat Widnes to move up to third in Super League.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the key challenges facing South Africa's tourism industry.
League Two side Chesterfield have signed former Chelsea midfielder Jack White on a season-long loan deal.
(Close): Wall Street's main share index closed lower on Thursday, with shares in Kraft Heinz leading the way.
Sri Lankan embassy officials in Saudi Arabia are trying to track down Sri Lankan women who have been imprisoned in the country for more than a decade.
The US Supreme Court has upheld President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law.
A former member of the Northern Ireland Assembly has been found guilty of a string of firearms offences.
Tens of thousands of Coptic Christians have gathered in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to mourn the death of Pope Paul Shenouda.
A man has been found dead in a car in a Lancashire town.
As Jeremy Corbyn prepares to take over as leader of the Labour Party, it's easy to forget how awkward he is.
Wales midfielder Rashford has been praised by manager Chris Coleman ahead of their Euro 2016 qualifier against Italy.
A bill to extend civil partnerships to same-sex couples has been defeated in the House of Commons.
A student's restaurant in Dundee has been evacuated after a fire broke out.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Leyton Orient came from behind to beat Barnet.
Wrexham is one of the most dangerous places in the world for drug users.
Zanzibar's opposition leader has accused the government of trying to destabilise the archipelago.
A record number of jobs have been created in Wales since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
At least 20 people have been killed in a chemical attack in Syria, a UN panel has concluded.
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has said it will release more than 100 soldiers who were killed in clashes in Yemen last year.
A British soldier whose suit was stolen during the Gallipoli campaign has been reunited with it.
Double Paralympic gold medallist Shaun Weir has said he will not compete in the London Marathon.
The Shropshire College of Higher Education has announced plans to cut the number of jobs it has.
An independent inquiry has been launched into allegations of malpractice at a school exam in Northern Ireland.
Ed Sheeran has headlined the opening night of the Glastonbury Festival.
Sierra Leone's former President, Ernest Bai Koroma, has been diagnosed with Ebola.
The former MP for Brentwood and Ongar has announced he is to stand down from the House of Commons.
Paris St-Germain extended their lead at the top of the Ligue 1 table to five points with victory over Montpellier.
Juventus have agreed a new deal to sign former AC Milan striker Gianluigi Buffon until the end of the season.
It's been a busy year for tech companies.
Pope Francis has declared that the Blessed Mother Teresa has been declared a saint by the Vatican.
A large unexploded bomb has been found on a beach in North Lanarkshire.
Volkswagen has seen its share of the UK car market fall in the last three months, according to a new report.
Facebook's chief executive has said he will sue Apple if it does not comply with a court order to unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino gunman.
Human remains have been found in the fuselage of a Malaysia Airlines plane that crashed in the Java Sea, officials say.
Caithness and Inveraray have reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup for the first time.
Five suspected Islamic State militants have been arrested in Belgium, police say.
A new eye-tracking device has been launched to help catch dog owners who leave their pets in darkness.
A man has described how a squirrel broke into a Croydon pub and drank a glass of wine.
Scottish MPs are calling for the Scottish government to clarify whether police Scotland has been caught up in the UK's surveillance programme.
A man who was wrongly convicted of shooting dead his ex-girlfriend has been allowed to return to prison.
Fifteen businesses have been fined by the City of Edinburgh for illegally disposing of rubbish in Edinburgh.
The family of two men who died at a Milton Keynes prison have launched a legal challenge to the governor's response to their deaths.
The Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has confirmed the Red Arrows will not be scrapped.
A man with learning disabilities has called for the UK government to allow terminally ill people to be able to end their lives.
Stoke City midfielder Jack Johnson has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Leicester City midfielder Mario Balotelli has been accused of racist abuse during his side's Champions League quarter-final defeat by Nice.
Virgin Trains has voted in favour of a 24-hour strike by the RMT union.
Bournemouth striker Tom Elphick will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury.
The search for a new Top Gear presenter is under way.
The number of wild bees killed in Europe last year was the highest in the world, according to a new study.
The body of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has arrived in Malaysia, the country's foreign ministry says.
The United Nations has cancelled its decision to name Wonder Woman as its new female secretary general.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after his boat capsized off the coast of Scotland.
A man has been found guilty of assaulting an asylum seeker at a rally.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Glasgow.
Plans to increase the amount of money people pay to park in Liverpool have been backed by the city council.
Nigeria's main radio station, Biafra, has been shut down, the BBC has learned.
One of the world's leading charities has been made an MBE by the Queen.
Boeing has tested a new type of laser cannon at a demonstration in California.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in east London.
Linfield will face Crusaders in their final game of the season as they attempt to avoid relegation from the Irish Premiership.
Former England and England striker John St John says he has been diagnosed with dementia.
BBC Sport brings you all the sport you need to know about this weekend.
A new portrait of Mozart has been commissioned by the world's leading classical music orchestra.
Boris bikes are to be rolled out in London for the first time, the city council has announced.
Sri Lanka beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in Galle to take control of the second Test in Pallekele.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has pulled out of a major golf tournament in Mexico because of his support for Hillary Clinton.
The Scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the introduction of minimum pricing for alcohol.
Scottish rock band Status Quo have paid tribute to Rick Parfitt, who has died at the age of 83.
Drivers in London and London will be hit by a rise in the cost of insurance, the AA has warned.
Liam Floyd Hasselbaink's second goal of the season was enough to give Cheltenham victory in the EFL Cup.
Motherwell manager Neil Lennon says he is "100% ready" to face Partick Thistle in the first round of the Scottish Cup.
The chairman of the Scottish Council of Higher Education has called on the Scottish government to withdraw proposed changes to the role of the rector.
Blackburn Rovers striker Peter Whittingham says he will not accept a new contract until the end of the season.
Plans to decommission a Caithness oil field have been put on hold.
Former world number one Lee Selby says he is not yet ready to reach the semi-finals of the World Championship.
The wife of French presidential candidate Francois Fillon has offered to give evidence to police investigating allegations of fraud.
League Two side Argyle have been charged by the Football Association with child abuse.
League Two side Guiseley Town have signed defender Joel Williams on loan until the end of the season.
A statue of musician Ronson has been unveiled in Hull.
A mobile phone belonging to Metallica fans has been stolen during a concert in Northamptonshire.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus.
Former Strictly Come Dancing contestant Michael O'Donnell has been left out of the final of the dance competition.
One of the world's most famous octopuses, Paul, has won a gold medal at the World Cup in Germany.
Colchester United have parted company with manager Paul Lynch after just three months in charge.
A woman has become the first woman to win a con con at the World Para-athletics Championships.
A man has been arrested after a sofa was tied to the back of a car he was travelling in.
The Paris Air Show, the world's biggest air show, has opened to the public for the first time.
One of London's most famous bars has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The US ambassador to the UN Human Rights Council has accused the Trump administration of failing to reform the body.
The Church of England has announced plans to divest from fossil fuel companies.
Swansea City manager Francesco Guidolin has met his players to discuss the club's future.
Manchester United's hopes of reaching the Champions League quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Greek side Olympiakos.
India's top security official has told the BBC that it will do everything it can to protect a military base in the disputed Kashmir region.
A Pakistani woman who says she was forced to marry her Pakistani husband has arrived in India.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats have won three Holyrood seats.
Venezuela's parliament has voted in favour of the resignation of President Antoinette Rajarindan.
England all-rounder Alastair Cook hit a career-best 147 to help his side beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the first Test in Dubai.
Edinburgh University lecturers are to go on strike for the second day in a row over pay.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at some of the key questions facing the UK government.
A giant bouncy castle has broken the Guinness World Record for the largest in the world.
Police are investigating after a gun was found in a car boot in west Belfast.
A court in Indonesia has upheld the death penalty for the rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has ordered an independent investigation into the deaths of four police officers during a police raid.
Passengers' phone bookings can be hacked by hackers, according to a German study.
More than half of police officers in England and Wales are unhappy with the way they work, a survey suggests.
Leeds Rhinos beat Salford Red Devils to reach the Super League quarter-finals for the first time.
A bus lane in Oxford has been closed to pedestrians for the first time in more than a decade.
The International Cricket Council (ICC) has expressed concern over the security of Bangladesh's capital Dhaka.
The chief executive of a Lancashire city council has been arrested on suspicion of fraud.
David Cameron has said he wants to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union.
Torquay United boss Paul Nicholson says his side's performance in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Tranmere Rovers has been "embarrassing".
A rare cormorant has been growing at the Scottish Botanic Garden for the first time.
Tyson Fury says he will fight Wladimir Klitschko for the WBA heavyweight title at London's O2 Arena.
A woman has pleaded guilty to the murder of two men who were found stabbed to death in Peterborough.
An artificial intelligence (AI) technology that allows pilots to control their own aircraft has been developed by a US company.
The remains of a boiler that collapsed at the RWE Power plant in Northumberland have been found, the company has confirmed.
Indonesia's governing PDI-P party has won a majority of the country's parliamentary seats, preliminary results show.
German brewer AB InBev has agreed to buy South African brewer SABMiller for an undisclosed sum.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has pledged more than £1m to improve tennis facilities in England and Wales.
More than 10,000 second homes will be built in Cornwall over the next five years, the government has announced.
An artificial intelligence (AI) team is taking on human players for the first time.
Two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a Chinese man in County Londonderry.
Islamic State (IS) militants have retaken the Syrian city of Deir al-Zour from government forces, activists say.
A Vietnamese human rights activist has been sentenced to life in prison by a court in the capital, Hanoi.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson has made his pre-tournament predictions for the 2018 World Cup.
The UK music industry generated more than £1bn in revenue last year, according to the British Music Association (BBA).
Taxi-hailing app Uber has agreed to pay $1.5bn (£1.2bn) to settle a series of lawsuits over safety.
A lion has escaped from a park in South Africa's capital, Pretoria.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured with a plaque in London's Poets' Corner.
A man has been jailed for life for raping and murdering a 13-year-old girl in 1976.
South Sudan's President Salva Kiir has sacked most of his cabinet, the country's first minister has said.
Russian space agency Progress has failed to reach the International Space Station.
In the middle of a refugee camp in Lebanon, a group of young men and women are making their way to a school.
A man and a woman have died after their boat capsized off the coast of South Africa.
A fire service has said it has been unable to deal with flooding in a Lancashire town.
A cat found dead in a car in Glasgow was poisoned, according to the Scottish SPCA.
A Chicago Owl baseball team has been criticised for a Halloween promotion.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a 19-year-old woman.
It's that time of year again when you're sick.
A man has died and a woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a van on a dual carriageway in Ayrshire.
Leicester City have won the Premier League title for the first time in 17 years.
James Gubbins hit a career-best 91 as Somerset beat Middlesex by eight wickets in a rain-affected match at Headingley.
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has been criticised for his decision to go to war with Iraq in 2003.
A wedding party has been held for a bride and groom after their boat capsized.
Doctor Who actor Bradley Hartley has been offered a role in a new series of Doctor Who.
The European Commission's College of Commissioners has backed a recommendation for the approval of the Hinkley Point nuclear power station.
Police have released a new image of a man they want to trace as part of an investigation into the rape and murder of a couple in Kent.
Plans have been submitted for a new £1m library in Anglesey.
The prime minister has agreed to change police stop and search laws in England and Wales, BBC Newsnight has learned.
Glenavon boss Paul Haverford says his side need to win their final two games of the season to maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
A Caerphilly county health board has voted against plans to cut maternity services at a north Wales hospital.
Dumfries and Galloway manager Derek McCann says his side's performance in their League Cup semi-final defeat by Partick Thistle has been "unacceptable".
Slovakia has been a member of the European Union since the end of World War Two.
Derby County have agreed a deal to sign former Derby County defender Matt Barker until the end of the season.
A new bowling alley has opened in a seaside town.
England reached the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup with a comfortable victory over Belgium.
One of Google's most successful drones, Titan, has been shut down.
A man who escaped from a hospital in Greater Manchester has been named by police.
Prof Frank Pantridge, who has died at the age of 83, was one of Northern Ireland's most famous doctors.
The Great British Lionhearts beat Cuba to win the WBO World Boxing Championship for the first time.
Oldham Athletic reached the second round of the Super League with a hard-fought victory over Huddersfield Giants.
A Tehran municipality has approved plans to turn Evin prison into a green space, the city's mayor has said.
A woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
A man has been found guilty of raping a 14-year-old girl in Greater Manchester.
The number of people who die from cardiac arrest in the UK is at an all-time high.
The number of listeners to BBC Radio 4 has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, the BBC has said.
A festival celebrating the work of a Scottish medieval philosopher is taking place in Edinburgh.
Carlos Tedesco has signed a new two-year contract with Hoffenheim.
Celtic have been fined £10,000 by the European Football Association (UEFA).
A canal has been closed to the public for the first time in more than a year as part of a major restoration project.
The Scottish Professional Footballers' Association (SPFA) has published a new code of conduct.
In the early 1980s, Maoist rebels in the western Indian state of Chhattisgarh launched an insurgency against security forces.
Scientists have developed a technique that allows them to trace all the cells in the body.
Britain's Katie Storey has become the first female Paralympic gold medallist to win a medal.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been sentenced to seven years in prison for corruption.
The Queen's Speech has been hailed as a "progressive agenda" by the UK government.
A three-year-old boy has been shot dead by a crocodile in a remote part of Australia.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side's World Cup qualifying campaign is over after a 2-1 defeat by Switzerland.
A new app has been launched to help people with mental health problems in Aberdeen.
Two men have been jailed after being found guilty of illegally disposing of tyres at a beach in County Londonderry.
Sri Lanka beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in a rain-affected first Test in Galle.
Typhoon Hagupit has devastated parts of the Philippines, killing at least 11 people and leaving more than 1,000 missing.
Ireland all-rounder Michael Rankin has signed a new three-year contract with England, which will keep him in the country until the end of the 2018 season.
When Zinedine Zidane took over as Real Madrid manager at the end of last season, it was one of the most difficult times of his career.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced plans to change the way county cricket is played.
Work is under way to restore a Grade II* listed cross which was hit by a car.
The French island of Reunion is one of the world's most important islands.
The US has said it will co-operate with Russia as part of its new foreign policy.
Rory McIlroy shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead with Jordan Spieth at the halfway stage of the US PGA Championship.
Rotherham United have appointed former Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs as their new manager.
In the early 1990s, Samir Othman was living in a village in the north-eastern Iraqi city of Mosul.
West Ham boss Slaven Bilic has apologised to a fan who sent him a message on Twitter.
Hundreds of pounds worth of meat have been stolen from a butcher's shop in Powys.
Victoria Azarenka reached the third round of the French Open for the first time since giving birth to her first child.
The Leeds Rhinos have said the cost of repairing a flood-damaged training ground will be more than £1m.
Three teenagers have died in a suspected carbon monoxide poisoning incident at a hut in northern Germany, police say.
The rise of so-called Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria has been fuelled by corruption, a report says.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton says the pace of the Formula 1 season is better than it has ever been.
Astronomers say they have found evidence of heat rising above the surface of Jupiter.
Bradford Bulls have been given the go-ahead by the Rugby Football League (RFL) to take over the ownership of the club.
Leicester Riders have won the Women's Super League title for the first time in their history and will face Northumbria Wildcats in the WBBL final.
Kilmarnock maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
The UK has the highest rate of obesity in the European Union, according to a new study.
Two women have been taken to hospital after a car crashed into a pedestrian bridge in the French capital, Paris.
UK retail sales rose more than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
A horse has been disqualified from the Cheltenham Festival after being found to be the correct horse for the race.
Former deputy prime minister Gus O'Donnell has said it would be "difficult" for the UK to leave the European Union.
At least eight people have died in a fire at a factory in Bangladesh's capital, Dhaka, police say.
French President Francois Hollande has visited a former Nazi concentration camp to mark the 100th anniversary of its liberation.
Google has apologised to a student who accidentally bought a Google-owned web site.
An inquiry into allegations of police misconduct at an Orgreave steelworks will not be made public, a court has heard.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to second place in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell.
One of the world's richest men, Charles F Feeney, has died at the age of 90.
A Conservative MP has said he is "disappointed and disappointed" he has not been allowed to stand in his constituency.
The makers of the Tamil film Kabali have declared a three-day break in the southern Indian city of Chennai.
Former NBA basketball player Michael Odom has been found dead at a Nevada brothel.
It has been a week since the European Parliament voted to leave the European Union.
Former Team Sky cyclist Bradley Wiggins has said he had no involvement in doping at any stage of his career.
A new species of spider has been born at a Norfolk nature reserve.
Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) party has won a majority in the Burmese parliament.
A 16-year-old girl has always wanted to be a doctor.
Sudan's warring sides have clashed in the Heglig area of the South Sudanese capital, Khartoum.
More than 100 people have signed a petition opposing plans to build more than 1,000 homes in a wooded area of Nottinghamshire.
The number of people working in the UK has reached a record high, according to official figures.
George Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the first time.
Police in Nigeria's capital, Lagos, have filed a legal challenge to the arrest of a man they say is the country's most wanted man.
Northern Ireland striker Pat Paterson says he is "disappointed" with his side's poor start to the Euro 2016 campaign.
The chairman of the Northern Ireland Financial Services Authority (Nama) has said he will meet the finance minister to discuss the Nama deal.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from a London Tube station after a water main burst.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is expected to step down at the end of the year, state media report.
A company that plans to drill for oil and gas in Northern Ireland has been given the go-ahead.
Members of the Welsh Assembly should be elected directly to the National Assembly, a think tank has said.
British universities are being urged to take advantage of the UK's exit from the European Union if they are to thrive post-Brexit.
Napping more than three hours a day may be linked to a lower risk of type 2 diabetes, say researchers.
Great Britain have been knocked out of the World Para-athletics Championships by Slovakia.
The remains of a young man shot dead by a soldier in north Belfast are to be examined by police.
One of Scotland's best-selling books has been shortlisted for the Scottish Poetry Prize.
It's not easy to be a Nottingham Forest fan.
The average price of a house in the UK has risen for the second year in a row, official figures show.
London's Royal College of Nursing (RCN) has called for more affordable accommodation for nurses.
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend Tammi Karrueche has confirmed that she is expecting her first child.
The family of a Texas woman who died after being arrested for allegedly trying to kill a police officer say they believe she tried to kill herself.
The United Nations is in the midst of a major shake-up.
N-Dubz have been nominated for a record number of awards at this year's Brit Awards.
Five teenagers have been arrested in a drugs raid in Gloucestershire.
England have named Stephen Cook as their opening batsman for the second Test against South Africa in Johannesburg.
Hundreds of anti-fascists have taken part in an anti-immigration rally in Bristol.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Bhutan for the first time.
Glacial retreat across the French Alps has accelerated, according to a new study.
A man who bought his first home in Kent has been accused of discriminating against ethnic minorities.
At least 30 people have been injured after a train crashed into a railway station in the Bulgarian capital, Sofia.
A man has pleaded guilty to stealing a woman's handbag from a bridge.
Lewis Hamilton beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to win the Mexican Grand Prix for the second year in a row.
The death of a six-year-old boy who died after being hit by a bike in Greece has been overturned.
The original version of Thunderbirds has gone on display for the first time.
Changes to GCSEs in England and Wales have been announced.
Nigeria's caretaker coach, Stephen Keshi, has been sacked by the National Football Federation (NFF).
The UK government has announced plans to end temporary restrictions on the number of people allowed to live and work in the UK.
A man has been found guilty of child sex offences after police found indecent images of children online.
The number of waiting times at A&E departments in England has fallen to its lowest level for more than five years, figures show.
A Rotherham council has said it is "completely wrong" to allow a couple to adopt their children.
Former world number one Andy Murray has won a £1m bet on the Scottish Open final in Aberdeen.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow.
Former Mexican governor Carlos Yarrington has been arrested in Mexico on corruption charges, state media report.
Colchester United were held to a draw by Chesterfield in the League Two play-off semi-final.
London's Tower Bridge is to be closed for the rest of the year as part of a major restoration project.
Sir Tom Hiddleston is to return to The Voice UK for the second year in a row.
Children's author Enid Blyton has launched a new series of children's books.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death.
Brentwood could lose its "unique selling point" if the TV series Towie goes ahead, a council has said.
A woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby daughter.
Microsoft has bought AOL for $1.2bn (Â£1.3bn) in the first quarter of the year.
Liam Bowe has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
US Attorney General James Comey has said he does not want any recordings of his conversations with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats has said the party is committed to improving the NHS in Wales.
Celtic boss Ronny Levein says he is "disappointed" with Hearts boss Ian Cathro's approach to the club.
Young people are being urged to help tackle mountain fires in south Wales.
US President Barack Obama has chosen Chicago as his preferred city for his university library, US media report.
Japanese carmaker Suzuki has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year.
A British woman who changed her middle name to Star Wars has said she is "disappointed" her passport has been changed.
A man and his sister have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences.
Sinn Féin's Hannah Mitchell won the women's 400m and 800m final at the All-Ireland Athletics Championships in Londonderry.
Rangers and Celtic will meet in the semi-finals of the Scottish League Cup.
The death of a six-month-old girl in Pakistan's capital, Karachi, has sparked outrage across the country.
The families of three men who died when a metal mine collapsed have said they are "devastated and confused".
Shrewsbury Town were held to a goalless draw by fellow League One play-off hopefuls Rochdale.
Coventry City Council has welcomed the number of Syrian refugees it has resettled in the city.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison for attempting to hijack a flight from Nigeria to the United States.
Tourism group Tui has warned that a deadly attack in Tunisia last year could cost it up to €20m a year.
An unexploded unexploded World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in the Scottish Borders.
The US Supreme Court has refused to rule on whether non-profit groups should be allowed to provide birth control.
An attempt to cross the Pacific Ocean in a solar-powered aircraft has been abandoned.
Celtic have signed teenage striker Karamoko on loan until the end of the season.
Harriers head coach Colin Brown says he is "very happy" with the progress made by the club's full-time head coach.
A group of internet users has said they have been hacked after a podcast was broadcast on their computers.
Swansea City suffered their first Premier League defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Swansea City.
World number one Rory McIlroy missed out on a share of the lead after the first round of the Shenzhen Open in China.
Jack Doughty's second-half equaliser gave Swindon victory over Millwall to move up to third in League One.
Prime Minister Theresa May has failed to explain why cuts to police numbers in England and Wales were made after the London terror attacks.
Former Sinn Féin taoiseach Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 83.
Coventry's cathedral has been lit up to mark the 100th anniversary of the end of World War Two.
British singer Robin Sarstedt has died at the age of 83.
Oscar-winning author Helen Blackman is to write a children's drama based on her best-selling novel, Callum Selman.
Five men have been charged with historical sex offences against women in Sheffield.
Manchester City defender Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
BP has withdrawn all staff from its Libyan embassy in Tripoli, the company has said.
For years, head teachers in England and Wales have had a hard time getting their heads together.
More than 100 patients have been evacuated from a ward at the University Hospital of Northern Ireland (UHI) after a suspected smoke inhalation.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of ex-boyfriend James Hayden.
A nine-year-old boy who was bullied at school has been taught how to make friends.
One of the stars of the hit US TV series Two Men's Half-Dancing has said he is no longer interested in watching the show.
The UK is to become the first country in the world to connect to a new nuclear power station in Norway.
A man who survived the Manchester Arena attack has said he has been "devastated" by the response to the attack.
South Africa's national park has said it is considering whether to kill a lion it had been trapped in for more than a year.
The general election campaign in Northern Ireland has been dominated by the two main parties, Sinn Féin and UUP.
Substitute Alex Sandell scored twice as Queens Park Rangers came from behind to beat 10-man Ipswich Town.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that the number of cases of the deadly Ebola virus in West Africa is at a record high.
A number of petrol bombs have been thrown at police officers in Londonderry.
The European Space Agency (ESA) has launched a new space satellite.
The Scottish fishing industry has said it does not support the UK's membership of the European Union.
A man has died after a bus he was travelling in collided with a bus in Leeds.
Barcelona forward Branislav Ivanovic has signed a new four-year contract with the Spanish club.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Derek Foran says the club's relegation from the Scottish Premiership is a "massive opportunity".
A Pembrokeshire man has described how his car was damaged by flooding in Fife.
East Dunbartonshire Council needs to do more to improve its finances, a report has said.
A man has been found guilty of raping a woman more than 20 years ago.
One of China's most famous writers, Zhou Xiaobo, has died at the age of 90.
League Two side Stevenage have signed defender Alex Hyde on a season-long loan deal.
Two productions from Chichester have been shortlisted for this year's National Theatre Awards.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle striker Alex Naismith has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Scientists say they have found a way to restore hearing in deaf gerbils.
Plans for a £1bn development in Oxford have been unveiled.
Tens of thousands of Tunisians will go to the polls for the first time since the overthrow of President Hosni Mubarak in 2011.
The family of Johnny Cash have released a collection of previously unreleased recordings from his private collection.
Children who experience adverse incidents in the first trimester of life are more likely to develop health problems, a study suggests.
A former Celtic player has appeared in court charged with child sex offences.
Scotland's women have been selected to represent Great Britain at the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Former Vale of Glamorgan boss Pedro Ribeiro has left the League One club.
School libraries in England and Wales are failing to meet the needs of pupils, a union has said.
Mae gafodd ei adeiladu yn cael cyngor meddai i beidio ceisio dianc.
Bournemouth have been fined £1.5m by the Football Association for failing to provide accurate information about their players.
A festival has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a 15th Century Tudor princess.
British computer scientist Alan Turing has been pardoned by the Queen.
US President Barack Obama has visited the home of Jamaican singer Marlon Marley.
Oldham Athletic's FA Cup semi-final against Reading has been postponed because of heavy rain.
Scotland's Jason Lyle has been invited to play in the final round of the Masters in Augusta, Georgia.
Former Middlesex batsman Michael Simpson has signed a new three-year contract with the county.
The US Supreme Court has ruled that President Donald Trump's travel ban on sanctuary cities is unconstitutional.
The Archbishop of Wales has said he will not allow Christian refugees to enter the UK.
Human remains have been found in a river in the northern Indian state of Maharashtra, police say.
Scarlets beat Ospreys to reach the quarter-finals of the Women's Rugby World Cup.
A man has been found guilty of making a hoax phone call to patients at a hospital.
A former member of the rock band The Smiths has said he has no intention of re-signing with the band.
Motherwell have appointed former Motherwell boss Mark McGhee as their new manager.
More needs to be done to protect the world's most important trade routes, a think tank says.
A section of the Northumberland Main Line has reopened following a power cut.
A new type of ovarian cancer screening has been developed in the US.
England's record-equalling start to the Six Nations has come to an end.
A man and a woman have been found dead in a suspected gas explosion in New York City.
Mobile phone maker BB&T has launched a new Android smartphone.
Thousands of people around the world are taking part in a global campaign to tackle the spread of antibiotic resistance.
A man has died after being attacked in Greater Manchester.
A school in Edinburgh has been criticised for a "racist" mural painted on a school wall.
Top seed Stan Wawrinka reached the semi-finals of the Indian Wells Open with a straight-set victory over Dominic Thiem.
St Johnstone have signed striker Scott MacLean on a season-long loan deal.
Twenty years ago, Dolly, the first human-like hybrid, was born in Scotland.
A man who pretended to be a sex offender has been jailed for four years.
Turkish-backed Kurdish fighters have launched a fierce offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian town of Kobane.
Plans to build a bridge over a river in Sussex have been given the go-ahead.
A Holocaust survivor from Gwynedd has celebrated his 100th birthday.
Human remains have been found in a garden in County Armagh.
Manchester United manager Pep Guardiola will travel to China to face Premier League rivals Leicester City and Manchester City in the summer.
Aberdeen-based energy firm Aggreko has warned of a "challenging" year ahead.
A cyclist has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man accused of involvement in the Kingsmills gangland murders.
Police in County Antrim have appealed for information after a clown posted pictures of school clowns on social media.
When Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan shot and killed a Russian diplomat in the Turkish capital, Ankara, it was a shock.
The National Trust has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, which was destroyed in a fire last year.
In the wake of the vote to leave the European Union, there has been a growing sense of optimism about the future of the Welsh Government.
Mae am ateb cywir ac enwau'r adar eraill.
Nathan Baptiste's second-half equaliser gave Preston victory over Norwich at the Kassam Stadium.
A man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of two Friesian cows found dumped in a field.
Two Birmingham primary schools have been told by Ofsted that their funding will be terminated.
Aberdeen have signed midfielder Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season.
A GP who punched a patient in the face has been banned from the profession for life.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in West Yorkshire.
Spencer has been named as the winner of the Great British Horse Jump competition.
The first Lethal Weapon movie is to be made into a TV series, according to reports.
Australia's James Faulkner hit a career-best five-wicket haul as they beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in the first one-day international in Colombo.
Islamic State (IS) and so-called Islamic State have been banned from the UK.
Estonia is one of the world's most ethnically diverse countries.
A new school in Dumfries and Galloway has opened.
Cardiff City have appointed Craig Slade as their new manager for the rest of the season.
A former police helicopter pilot has been found guilty of filming naked naturals.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has heard a letter from a solicitor seeking information about the Nama loan deal.
Spain's ambassador to London, Ignacio Echeverría, has been killed in the London terror attack.
Rory McIlroy shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the PGA Championship.
TV presenter Jessica Jones has given birth to her first child.
Plans to revamp the Humber Bridge have been given the go-ahead.
All pictures are copyrighted.
Bromley moved to within three points of the National League play-off places with victory over Torquay.
A new policy on grandparents should be introduced in Labour's manifesto, the party has said.
Great Britain's Sarah Tait has died at the age of 82.
A play about King Richard III has been performed at Leicester Cathedral.
The new chief executive of a housing association has been appointed.
A Belfast-based aerospace company has announced it is closing its Belfast factory.
New Zealand reached the quarter-finals of the World Cup for the first time with a convincing victory over France.
A new satellite has been launched to record the world's largest copper mine for the first time.
Turkey's foreign minister has called for an end to air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Syria.
West Ham United's Olympic Stadium deal has been rejected by the government.
Jockey Jade Payne has been banned from racing for three months after testing positive for a banned drug.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he is "disappointed" with his squad after the club failed to qualify for the Europa League.
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has said a project to restore the country's mangrove forests will cost $3.4m (Â£2.9m).
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says his side's performance in Sunday's Europa League semi-final defeat by Dons was "not good enough".
The minimum wage in London is to rise to £5.30 an hour, the mayor has announced.
Anti-Islam activist Pamela Geller is one of the most well-known figures in the US right-wing movement.
Former McLaren team-mate Maxurur Wurz has confirmed he will take over as the new head of the Manor Formula 1 team.
Argentina has the highest level of inequality in the world, according to a new report.
South Korea's Ding Junhui won the PGA Championship for the second year in a row with a four-under-par 65.
Falkirk's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the Europa League were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by Partick Thistle.
Conor McGregor has pulled out of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) event in Las Vegas.
Italy's Vincenzo Nibali has won the Vuelta a Espana for the second year in a row.
The family of a former Cheltenham shop owner have paid tribute to his late father, who died last year at the age of 83.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has been accused of failing to act on his call for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to leave the country.
Former US Attorney General James Comey has been confirmed as the new director of the FBI.
A collection of seaside huts has been awarded £1m by the government.
The Turkish military says it has found more than 1,000 pieces of data missing from a F-16 fighter jet that crashed in Turkey last month.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of the first day of qualifying for the Isle of Man Grand Prix.
The head of the Human Rights Commission (HRC), which represents asylum seekers in Australia, has resigned.
A Belfast hospital is to become the first in the UK to offer laser laser surgery.
Welsh cyclist Adam King says he would like to compete at the 2017 Commonwealth Games in London.
The death of Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch has sparked outrage in the country.
The World Anti-Doping Agency (Nato) has created a database of Nazi death camps.
French judo player Jean-Yves Le Roux has spoken about his experiences with racial abuse.
Leicester boss Claudio Ranieri says he wants to see more gladiators after his side's 2-1 defeat by Millwall.
A 92-year-old woman has died after being hit by a car in Sheffield.
Police searching for a missing woman who went missing from a Swindon nightclub have found her body.
The Department of Health and Social Care (DSP) in Northern Ireland is to invest more than £1m in mental health services.
A World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour.
Labour and Plaid Cymru have agreed a deal to form a coalition government.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has said the country is at the brink of a "new Cold War".
A new species of pink shrimp has been discovered in the Pacific Ocean.
Scientists say they have developed a glue that can stick to the skin.
A Northamptonshire NHS trust has been criticised for "long waits" and "unacceptable" waiting times.
Three British tourists have been rescued from a boat that capsized off the Indonesian island of Sumatra.
A bid to buy a former hospital in Denbighshire has been rejected.
McLaren are in the midst of their worst ever season in Formula 1.
More than £1,000 has been stolen from a military base in Aberdeen, police have said.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir has been asked to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration.
The helmsman of a cargo ship involved in a fatal collision with a tug has been sacked, a report has found.
Police investigating the death of a woman who was found at her home in County Armagh have made a fresh appeal for information.
A man who stabbed a man to death in Swansea has been remanded in custody.
Oscar-winning director Daniel Radcliffe has been announced as the winner of this year's Venice Film Festival.
Ugandan opposition leader Peter Besigye has won the presidential election, beating incumbent President Yoweri Museveni.
The family of a student who died in a car crash have paid tribute to her.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the World Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were beaten by South Africa in Johannesburg.
Spain's banks have received more than 100bn euros (Â£93bn) in loans from the European Central Bank (ECB).
Johanna Konta is one of the world's most successful tennis players.
Singer Lizzie Rellini has cancelled a concert in Sheffield after it was cancelled.
A man has been interviewed by police investigating the murder of ex-Lord Palmer.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman's body was found in a flat in Hertfordshire.
In the wake of the attack on a London mosque by a neo-Nazi, a number of newspapers have reacted angrily to the attack.
The father of a boy who died in a crush at Sheffield United's FA Cup semi-final has told a jury he had no idea what was happening.
A look back at some of the best quotes from the week in entertainment.
Leyton Orient midfielder Danny Cox says he is ready to kick on after agreeing a new deal with the League Two club.
Chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder David Luiz from Paris St-Germain for an undisclosed fee.
Children's charity Kids Company has lost more than £1m in funding since it collapsed, a report has found.
The body of a British man who went missing in Monaco has been found in Monaco, an inquest has heard.
Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg says he wants to win the Spanish Grand Prix for the first time this season.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a six-year-old boy in Alabama.
Plans to privatise some of Wales' forests have been given the go-ahead by the environment minister.
The number of children's programmes on the main UK TV channels has fallen to its lowest level since 2008, according to a review by Ofcom.
Scotland's Police and Crime Commissioner Mark Matheson has defended his handling of the death of Aberdeen man Adam Bayoh.
More than 1,000 people are expected to join the torchbearers of the Olympic flame as part of the Great British Torch Relay.
Microsoft has said it will continue to work with Wikileaks to secure information about the US intelligence service.
Ulsan, South Korea, is one of the world's most famous shipyards.
A fire at a house in Aberdeenshire which killed a woman was caused by a faulty flue, an inquest has heard.
The British Cycling chief executive has been speaking to BBC Sport about how to get involved in the sport.
Drug trials should be carried out in human subjects, the UK's Medicines Agency (MHAs) says.
Thousands of soldiers are to lose their jobs as part of a government plan to cut the size of the Army.
A group of people with Down's syndrome has launched a campaign to encourage people with disabilities to do more.
Oumar Niasse's injury-time equaliser gave the USA a 2-1 win over Portugal in the opening game of their World Cup qualifying campaign.
A British Rowing team has been accused of being "bullied" by a female coach, a BBC investigation has found.
Scientists in the US say they have developed stem cells that can kill cancerous tumours.
A man has been found guilty of causing the deaths of two children who were seriously injured in a car crash in Leeds.
A pogo runner has broken the world record for the longest run on a pogo stick.
Plans for a bus stop in Reading have been given the go-ahead.
Police investigating the disappearance of a car in Hertfordshire have said they are still searching for the owner of the car.
Sunderland striker Jade Mead says she wants to play in the Women's Super League.
Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has ordered an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Mattower has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
A cat has died following a suspected poisoning in County Londonderry.
Championship side Leopards have been granted permission to play in the 2018 World Cup of Nations in Gabon.
Channel 4 has announced it will switch off its E4 programme on election night.
A new film about the struggle between gay and lesbian miners in the 1970s has been released in the UK.
At least 84 people have been killed in a suicide bomber attack in the Iraqi city of Iskandariya, officials say.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new tourist attractions in the Red Sea.
A Citroen car dealership has been forced to close after a fire broke out.
Fleetwood Town were held to a goalless draw by League One side Fleetwood Town.
Children in Northern Ireland should be taught religious education, a UN committee has said.
A woman has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car.
The original sleeve of the Beatles' 1964 album has been sold at auction for more than Â£1,000.
Spain's Fernando Verdasco beat Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the WTA Finals.
At least eight people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in central Italy, officials say.
Hotel operators in Northern Ireland have called for a strategy to deal with the rising demand for hotel rooms.
The parents of a three-year-old boy who died after falling into a river have been charged.
Disney has been talking about technology for a long time.
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tommy Seymour have signed new contracts with Glasgow Warriors.
Manchester City have signed Barcelona striker Lucas Perez on a season-long loan deal.
A painting by Adolf Hitler has sold for more than $1m (£1m) at a Munich auction.
West Ham United's lease of the London Stadium has been approved by the government, campaigners have claimed.
The deputy first minister has said there is "no solution" to the Stormont budget crisis.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says his side's performance in Saturday's Six Nations defeat by France was a "wake-up call".
Porpoises have been attacked by dolphins in Aberdeen, according to a marine biologist.
Burkina Faso's President Yahya Jammeh has said he will go to jail if he does not stop working.
A Grade II* listed building in Greater Manchester has been destroyed in a fire.
A wind farm in County Tyrone has collapsed.
A major power cut in Ukraine's capital, Kiev, was caused by a cyber-attack, the BBC has learned.
Olympic champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been presented with an OBE by the Queen for services to athletics.
Fox News chief executive Roger Ailes and chief executive Jeff Abernethy have been appointed as co-presidents of the network.
India's Supreme Court has upheld the acquittal of four marines accused of shooting dead a fisherman in the southern Indian state of Kerala.
The death of former world heavyweight champion Muhammed Ali has shocked the world.
One of the most senior police officers in the UK is in London.
A third runway could be built at Gatwick Airport, the mayor of London has said.
The Isle of Man's Peter Parkinson has been elected to the St Peter's by-election.
Canada has become the first member of the European Union to ban imports of beef and dairy products.
Plans to close one of Wales' largest military bases have been condemned by MPs.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been criticised for his use of social media.
The Duke of Edinburgh has been taken to hospital after suffering a serious stroke.
The Scottish government has launched a new programme to help minority ethnic women in Scotland get into the workplace.
More than 1,000 inmates have escaped from a prison in the Brazilian city of Amazonas, police say.
Ospreys fly-half Shane Williams has signed a new two-year deal with Japan.
(Close): Shares in gold miners have fallen after the price of gold fell below $1,000 an ounce.
The winner of the Euromillions jackpot has been revealed.
An 18-year-old man has been killed in a car bomb attack in the Chinese city of Xinjiang, state media report.
A three-year-old boy has been found dead in a river in Aberdeenshire.
Oscar-winning actress Daisy Peake is to star in a new adaptation of Shakespeare's Hamlet.
A 13-year-old girl has written to Prime Minister David Cameron asking him to "fix" the Westminster bell.
A body has been found in a street in Northamptonshire.
An ombudsman has called for an independent investigation into the death of a prisoner at a prison in Northern Ireland.
Archaeologists have discovered Roman remains at a former railway station in Peterborough.
A legal challenge to Canada's ban on the so-called niqab has been dropped.
The number of cats living on a Japanese island has doubled in the past five years, according to the government.
Kate Knightley and Keira Knightley have married in a lavish ceremony in the French city of Orkney.
Social carers should get a boost of £10 a week, the Labour leader has said.
Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a cyclist was hit by a car in Los Angeles.
European media have reacted angrily to the UK's vote to leave the European Union.
Edinburgh's hopes of reaching the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they lost to Newport Gwent Dragons.
A French woman accused of murdering her three children has been found not guilty by reason of insanity.
Clermont Auvergne beat Sale to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
The Scottish justice secretary has said he has no plans to introduce a new law to protect the rights of children and young people.
The family of a 19-year-old man who went missing in Edinburgh have appealed for help in the search for him.
The founder of the YoYo app has admitted that the app has been hacked.
The Scottish music scene has changed in recent years.
More than 1,000 businesses in Snowdonia are taking part in a campaign to raise money for charity.
A former US national security adviser has denied allegations that she used US intelligence to spy on US officials.
Former Prime Minister Tony Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys at a supermarket.
Chris Gayle and Shane Pollard hit centuries as Australia beat West Indies by eight wickets to reach the final of the Women's World Twenty20.
Ivory Coast's Wilfried Zaha will be allowed to play for England again, says manager Sam Allardyce.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he has no intention of standing again as leader of the party.
James McManus scored twice as Morton beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle to reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish League Cup.
One of the biggest changes to milk prices in the world has come into effect.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has been elected as the city's new mayor.
Southend United chairman Paul Clapham has resigned.
Thousands of Maruti Suzuki workers have been protesting outside a factory in the northern Indian state of Haryana.
Wales' hopes of avoiding relegation from the Six Nations are over, according to scrum-half Rhys Owens.
A man and a woman have been arrested in connection with a robbery in County Antrim.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have taken part in a concert in the German city of Hamburg.
Sierra Leone has imposed a 24-hour state of emergency in the capital, Freetown, in an effort to contain the spread of the deadly Ebola virus.
Olympic bronze medallist Anna Walz has won the men's canoeing gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
Energy firm SSE has been given the go-ahead to build a new high-speed rail line through Inverness.
A Labour MP has apologised for posting a Facebook post in which she called for Israel to be moved to the Gaza Strip.
A former Polish academic has been found guilty of planning to carry out an attack on a university in Krakow.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has confirmed that North Korea has restarted its nuclear power plant.
A koala has been named Bear Grylls after a popular Australian author.
League One side Leeds United have signed striker Jordan Antonsson on a season-long loan deal from Championship side Kalispell.
League One side Walsall have signed Falkirk striker Alex Leahy on a season-long loan deal.
Sierra Leone has become the first country in the world to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus.
The German Federal Police (FV) says it has arrested a man suspected of being a member of the so-called Islamic State group.
Campaigning for Hong Kong's first female mayor has been under way for more than a year.
Premier League leaders Manchester City and Manchester United were among the top five teams in the world on Saturday.
French anti-Islam activist Charlie Dieudonne has been remanded in custody for a second time over comments he made about the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
The Home Office has apologised after a spelling error was made in its English language policy.
A six-year-old girl has been killed by a rhino at a zoo in Rabat, the zoo has said.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a disturbance at a McDonald's in Londonderry.
The Queen's Speech will be dominated by Brexit-related legislation, a think tank has warned.
Manchester City midfielder Saido Toure says he could have kicked Tottenham striker Raheem Sterling during the 1-1 draw at Etihad Stadium.
Wales' Labour Party is in a worse crisis than it was in the 1990s, according to former party leader John Howells.
Sale Sharks head coach Paul Solomona says he is "very excited" about the prospect of signing Northampton Saints scrum-half Chris Eomomona.
Scotland's police call-handling system is "inadequate", according to a report.
Merseyside's most famous hairdresser, John Howe, has died aged 90.
Tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in Costa Rica after a volcano erupted.
Exeter City midfielder Jack Butterfield says he has no intention of returning to the club.
Burger King in London has opened its doors to the public for the first time.
The Scottish government has pledged to invest £2m to improve the quality of general practice in Scotland.
Author Hilary Hilary has been named the UK's best female crime writer.
A father and his wife have said they have been treated like "animals" by a hospital in Buckinghamshire.
Israel's Supreme Court has lifted a temporary ban on the trial of a former head teacher accused of historical child sex abuse.
A man has been taken to hospital after being airlifted to hospital following a 999 call.
The price of school uniforms has reached a new all-time high, according to a new study.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has published its annual report on public-sector contracts.
England's Paul Stenson shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the BMW Championship in Germany.
The Cassini space probe has made its final close-up of Saturn.
Hillary Clinton has launched her campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination.
Mattel has said it is in talks with toy giant Mattel about a possible takeover of its toy business.
A campaign to control the spread of tuberculosis has been launched in Cheshire.
Zanzibar's seaside town of Paje is one of the world's most popular places to hunt for octopuses.
Mark Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two women at his home in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Plans for fracking in North Yorkshire have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Venezuelan soldiers have been arrested in connection with an attack on a military barracks, the country's army chief has said.
A new national agri-food marketing agency is to be set up in Northern Ireland.
Relegated Featherstone Rovers reached the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup with a hard-fought victory over Halifax.
An inquest into the deaths of two men who were shot dead during the Troubles is to be held in Northern Ireland.
Birmingham City Council's children's services have improved, a report has found.
MPs have written to Prime Minister David Cameron urging him to "reconcile" the UK's immigration policy.
The chief executive of the International Association of Athletics Federations, Lord Coe, has resigned.
A 16-year-old girl with mental health problems has been detained in police cells in Devon and Cornwall.
Thailand has cancelled an international human rights conference due to be held in Vietnam, a rights group has said.
The remains of a Victorian mansion have been removed from the site for the first time in more than 30 years.
Astronomers have confirmed that a very large asteroid has passed close to our Solar System.
An 18-year-old man has pleaded not guilty to throwing a banana at police officers in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Great Britain's George has been discharged from hospital after suffering a serious head injury in the Grand National.
The first Welsh MP to take up a post in the House of Commons has said he does not have a desk.
It's been a year since Kim Jong-un took power in the North Korean capital, Pyongyang.
A man who died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway has been named by police.
Two window cleaners have been rescued after falling from a high-rise building in New York.
A police officer who shot and killed a teenage boy in Texas has been suspended.
Nicole Minogue has been awarded an honorary degree by a university in Southampton.
Luke Berry's first-half goal gave Cheltenham victory over Cambridge in the National League.
Sinn Féin's Gerry Murchí has died at the age of 83.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has met China's ambassador to the United States.
One of the world's most powerful computers has been stolen from a museum in Norway.
Manchester City boss Carlos Tevez could return to the Premier League this season, says manager Manuel Pellegrini.
Turkish opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet has suspended all its editorial staff after a failed coup attempt in July.
World number one Jason Fitzpatrick shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Two women have been raped and robbed at their home in County Londonderry.
More than 1,000 people have been killed in a powerful earthquake in Christchurch, New Zealand's prime minister has said.
For the first time, scientists have been able to synthesise high-quality silicon.
Swansea City midfielder Jack Stephens says his side can bounce back from their first defeat of the season.
A cat has been reunited with some of his favourite toys after being caught stealing them.
Salford Red Devils suffered their first Super League defeat of the season as Sam Murdoch-Masila's second-half try earned them victory over Super League leaders Salford.
Dyson has pulled out of plans for a £1bn expansion of its headquarters in Malton.
Portugal beat Cape Verde to reach the quarter-finals of the Fifa World Cup.
The House of Lords has voted to give the government more powers over the powers of the Investigatory Powers Act.
The border between Mexico and the United States is one of the most dangerous in the world.
Sinn Féin extended their lead at the top of the Premiership to seven points with a comfortable victory over Leinster.
Nepal's border with Tibet has been hit by a series of landslides and floods, the BBC has learned.
A campaign group has called for the UK's broadband providers to be more transparent about their prices.
Birmingham City reached the Women's FA Cup semi-finals for the first time with victory over Chelsea.
A new type of pig phage therapy has been developed for the first time.
World number one Andy Murray beat Stan Wawrinka in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Cincinnati Masters.
Britain's Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic will meet in the French Open final for the first time.
Dundee United striker Robbie Goodwillie says he has no idea if he will ever play again.
A 16-year-old girl has become the world's youngest female chess champion.
Olympic champion Katie Ledecky won gold in the women's 400m final at the Rio Olympics.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a Romanian woman in Devon.
Scottish Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has launched his campaign for the Scottish Labour leadership.
Sudan have been ruled out of qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals by the Confederation of African Football (Caf).
Jamal Campbell-Ryce's first-half equaliser earned Barnet victory over Mansfield.
The creator of the US TV series The Simpsons has revealed that the fictional town where the show is based is actually in the US.
The chief executive of Belfast International Airport has written to the Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny urging him to make the island a gateway into the Republic of Ireland.
A man has been jailed for a minimum of three years for sexually assaulting two women.
Two of Spain's most prominent left-winger mayors have come to power.
A woman who died after being attacked by a sex worker has been named by police.
India's economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
A woman who was murdered by her ex-boyfriend has been criticised by a police watchdog.
A prison in Wiltshire has been rated "inadequate" by a watchdog.
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has condemned the abduction and abduction of girls by Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria.
A man accused of murdering his landlord and dumping his body in a boot in north Wales has told a court he did not believe his landlord would believe him.
England striker Andy Carroll should be included in the squad for Euro 2016, says manager Roy Hodgson.
A Pembrokeshire seaside swimming pool has reopened to the public.
The US says it is "gravely concerned" about the plight of tens of thousands of Yazidis displaced by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq.
The mother of a man who died when a collapsed building collapsed in Oxfordshire has said she is "devastated" the search for him is still going on.
A new Hippodrome in a seaside seaside town is to open to the public.
Downton Abbey creator Bob the Builder is to return to the BBC One soap for a second series.
The number of district nurses providing community services in Wales has fallen by more than half in the past six years, a union has said.
Tributes have been paid to a man shot dead during a police operation on a motorway in Bradford.
League Two side Solihull Moors have signed defender Alex Edwards on a deal until the end of the season.
Hundreds of mourners have gathered in the Pakistani city of Lahore to pay their respects to the victims of the Paris attacks.
Durham took control on day one of their County Championship match against Nottinghamshire at Headingley.
The world's oldest groundwater has been found to be more than 1.5 billion years old, a study suggests.
The Office for National Statistics (ONS) has said it is "not aware" of any attempts to blackmail a reporter about her family's finances.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as West Brom beat Everton to reach the fourth round of the Premier League.
Glamorgan's T20 Blast match against England will be played in five days, says head coach Mark Morris.
Michael Ford says he would love to play at Wolverhampton Darts Club for the first time.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has cut interest rates to zero for the first time in more than a year.
The Republic of Ireland have made four changes to their squad for next month's World Cup qualifier against Mexico.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched an attack on a ship in the Sinai peninsula, Egyptian media say.
The richest man in the world, Sir Philip Green, has been appointed as the UK's new chief executive.
England Under-21s reached the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup for the first time with victory over Uruguay.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott until the end of the season.
Belfast's Ryan McKenna has reached the semi-finals of the World Boxing Championships for the first time in his career.
In our series of letters from the BBC, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt looks at why pharmacies are so important to the NHS.
Dozens of children have been taken to hospital after falling from a carnival rollercoaster in Dorset.
An 87-year-old woman has been jailed for life for refusing to consent to a kidney transplant, the Court of Appeal has ruled.
A student has been offered a job as a hedgehog conservationist in Ipswich.
The inquest into the deaths of four British soldiers in Afghanistan has been adjourned until the end of the year.
Dozens of people have been killed in a stampede at a religious festival in Ethiopia's Oromo region, police say.
Lancashire reached the semi-finals of the T20 Blast with a hard-fought victory over Cornwall.
A mentally ill man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man he met online.
South Sudan's decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC) has been reversed.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a pothole in Monmouthshire could have been saved, a coroner has ruled.
Newcastle United manager Steve McClaren has resigned following the club's relegation from the Premier League.
UK banks could be forced to relocate to other EU countries if the UK votes to leave the European Union.
The Attorney General's Office (AO) has said it has no intention of changing the law on abortion in Northern Ireland.
Police in the German city of Heidelberg have arrested a man after he was attacked by a female elephant.
A Russian think tank says it will no longer be registered as a foreign agent.
Plaid Cymru leader Nicky Davies has said he is "disappointed" by the result of the EU referendum.
In the early hours of Friday morning, Barcelona's streets were packed with people who had never been to the city before.
The BBC's Sound Of 2016 list of the UK's best-selling artists has been released.
A man has been arrested after a rare rare animal was found at Heathrow Airport.
German police say they have arrested a man they believe may have been involved in the Berlin attack.
A parishioner has apologised after making a joke about Christmas.
A man has died following a fire at a house in Londonderry.
Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo International Film Festival.
Two police officers have been jailed for using a computer system to make false information about a PCSO.
A five-year-old boy has received a text message from Motherwell telling him he had missed his first Celtic game.
Celtic came from behind to beat Rangers and reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
Plans for a new M74 motorway in Glasgow have been criticised by a new study.
Pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have seized the headquarters of the regional government in the city of Luhansk.
Actor Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a new adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth, the BBC has announced.
Belgium's King Albert II has apologised for remarks he made about the country's political crisis.
Northamptonshire batsman Mark Wood has been named in the England squad for the one-day international series against Pakistan.
The organisers of the Londonderry Fleadh have said they are ready to stage the festival again.
More than 1,000 trees have been planted in Londonderry to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme.
A sign has been mistakenly written on a busy railway line in Nottingham.
Ethiopian runner Filipe Feyisa has become the first athlete to cross the finish line at the Rio Olympics.
A safety barrier at the site of a fatal crash in County Tyrone has been removed, the BBC has learned.
Ten people have been killed in an attack on a train station in the Chinese city of Kunming, state media report.
Energy firm EDF has announced a three-year price rise for its fixed and dual-fuel customers.
Leaflets are the most effective way of persuading people to vote in the EU referendum.
Mae Llywodraeth wedi cael ei ddydd wedi ddyd ei gael ei fyddiad.
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a mentally ill man at a mental health unit.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on Friday, with the FTSE 100 leading the way lower.
Police are appealing for information after two puppies were stolen from a house in Perthshire.
Tens of thousands of bonfires across Northern Ireland have been vandalised, police have said.
Celta Vigo have completed the signing of defender Juan Cuadrado on a season-long loan.
A Welsh assembly member has called for the introduction of fees charged to landlords for rent.
Victims of historical child sex abuse in England and Wales are being told to come forward.
Argyll and Bute Council has launched a bid to become the first Scottish town to host a spaceport.
George is one of the UK's best-known gardeners.
John Rennie has been re-elected as the Liberal Democrat MP for North East Fife.
In our series of letters from the BBC, we look at some of the biggest brands in the UK.
One of the UK's largest knitwear companies, Hawick Knitwear, has reported record sales for the first half of the year.
The world's oldest cave has opened to the public for the first time.
England Under-21s have been named in their squad for the Women's World Cup qualifiers.
A paramedic has been jailed for four years for sexually assaulting a teenage girl.
Britain's Tyson Fury retained his WBA world heavyweight title with a unanimous points victory over Mexican Antonio Chisora in London.
Bristol Rovers head coach Paul Peacock says he has no plans to appeal against the suspension of centre Albert Kelly.
The Conservative Party says it has "full confidence" in a senior member of the party who has been accused of bullying.
Chinese internet giant Alibaba has raised more than $1bn (£770m) in its initial public offering (IPO).
The NHS in England will not be published until after the general election, the government has said.
Great Britain's Usain Bolt has qualified for the semi-finals of the men's 400m at the Rio Olympics.
Brentford have signed England Under-21 defender Tom Williams on a season-long loan deal.
Madonna has been criticised for not being included on Radio 1's playlist for a number of years.
Canada's largest postal service, Canada Post, has said it will cut costs by more than half in the next financial year.
US President Barack Obama and Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta have agreed to work together to tackle corruption.
For more than a century, wolves have been roaming the French Alps.
Comedian James Corden is to host a new series of The Late Late Show in London, the BBC has announced.
David Cameron is due to meet Estonia's Prime Minister to discuss the EU referendum.
Barclays has appointed Antony Jenkins as its new chief executive.
Six celebrities have been charged in connection with a data breach at their Los Angeles home, a court has heard.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the deaths of two pedestrians by dangerous driving.
Syrian refugees should not be allowed to enter the country, the country's education minister has said.
India's richest man, Vijay Mallya, has been sold off a luxury hotel in Mumbai for more than $1.5m (Â£1.2m).
A study of e-cigarettes has been carried out at the University of Dundee.
A primary school in Weston-super-Mare has been forced to close after a campaign to save it.
A number of celebrities have dropped their fingers in a bid to raise awareness of mental health issues.
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after a house fire in Londonderry.
A former head teacher has been found guilty of a string of sexual assaults on girls at a Nottinghamshire school.
A third whale has been found washed up on a Suffolk beach.
A man who beat his ex-girlfriend to death has been given a suspended prison sentence.
India's Virat Kohli hit a career-best century as they beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the first match of the World Cup.
Dermot Demme is one of the best-known film-makers of all time.
British taekwondo champion Aaron Cook has been stripped of his Olympic gold medal by the British Olympic Committee (BOA).
The Metropolitan Police has apologised to the family of a man who died after a police investigation into his death.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing his mother to death in a row over drink and drugs.
A 14-year-old boy has been rescued after falling from a cave.
A new community midwife unit in Caithness has been proposed by the Scottish Health and Social Care Board.
St Helens reached the semi-finals of the Super League play-offs with a hard-fought victory over Leeds Rhinos.
Kenya's Supreme Court has ruled that the country's electoral commission cannot be used to manipulate elections.
Bangladesh's capital, Dhaka, has been hit by a powerful storm.
A man accused of murdering a 16-year-old girl has told a court he felt "like a stranger".
Castleford Tigers reached the semi-finals of the Super League for the first time with victory over Wakefield Trinity.
Singer Brandi Brandi has been accused of being "dismayed" by the London Evening Standard.
Paul, who was born in Stoke-on-Trent, was one of the youngest people to die at the age of five.
Norwegian Prime Minister Anders Behring Breivik has visited the island of Utoeya in the wake of last week's mass shooting.
Three men have been found guilty of the murder of a woman whose body was found in the Irish Alps.
North Ferriby continued their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Bromley.
Glamorgan have appointed former England batsman Murray Goodwin as their new head coach.
All flights to and from the Isle of Man have been cancelled.
Indonesia's economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, according to official figures.
Teenagers are more likely to remember their memories than adults, according to a study in Neuron.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in the US state of Montana, officials say.
A crackdown on sex offences on the London Underground has been launched by the Metropolitan Police.
A paedophile who downloaded indecent images of children has been jailed for five years.
Ireland have reached the quarter-finals of the Women's World Twenty20 after beating Sri Lanka by eight wickets in Colombo.
Plans to build glamping lodges at Warwick Castle have been given the go-ahead.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman should do more to encourage Irish players to play for the Republic of Ireland, says former captain Michael Keane.
Two men have gone on trial accused of murdering a supermarket worker.
Lufthansa has announced it will charge online travel agencies a fee of up to Â£10,000 for booking flights.
Warrenpoint Town have said they will appeal against the Football Association's decision to suspend them from the Scottish Premiership.
Scientists say they have found a way to predict the length of a bird's life.
Mexico has increased the minimum prison sentence for kidnapping to a record high.
An inquest into the death of a six-year-old girl who had a heart pacemaker removed too soon has heard.
A court in Nigeria has sentenced two gay men to life in prison for homosexuality.
World Anti-Doping Agency (IAAF) president Vitaly Mutko has called for all Russian athletes to be reinstated.
A Ugandan man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a former detainee at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre.
The governor of Indiana has said he will veto a controversial law that allows businesses to discriminate against gay people.
Shaky Stevens has been named the best Welsh musician of all time.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has denied allegations of bribery in the bidding process for the 2022 World Cup.
An Albanian man has been found guilty of murdering his wife and three children.
The Football Association of Wales (FAW) will support any decision to allow Wales players to wear poppies during Armistice Day celebrations, says chief executive Paul Ledley.
A collection of World War Two diving helmets has sold for more than £1m at auction.
A body has been found in the River Nith in Dumfries.
League Two side Northampton Town have signed striker Jack Brownhill on a season-long loan deal.
Families of struggling GP practices in England are being told they may not be able to continue because of a lack of funding.
Alan Wallace is one of the most famous footballers in the world.
Victims of slavery in Wales are being urged to work together to tackle human trafficking.
London Underground tunnels have opened to the public for the first time since World War Two.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club until the end of the season.
England women's coach Mark Sampson has been cleared of "bullying and harassment" by the Football Association (FA).
The number of self-inflicted deaths in prisons in England and Wales has reached a record high, the chief inspector of prisons has said.
Mark Strachan has been named as Scotland's new manager for the rest of the season.
Three people have been arrested after a gun was found at a house in Wrexham.
Northampton Saints scrum-half Alex Foden says he is ready to play for England in the Six Nations.
Michael Duffy beat Ding Junhui to reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship in Hong Kong.
Blackpool's free school breakfast scheme has been praised by a study.
The head teacher of a primary school in Devon has retired.
National League side Moors Moors have signed former Charlton Athletic midfielder Jack White on a season-long loan deal.
A man has been found dead in a forest in north Wales, police have said.
In the early hours of the morning, I woke up to the sound of the bells ringing.
The Hong Kong government has unveiled plans to make it easier for mainland passengers to cross the border into mainland China.
Australia has announced plans to send more troops to Afghanistan to support the US-led coalition fighting the Taliban.
A man has died after being hit by a van in Glasgow.
Head teachers have called on the government to make it easier for qualified teachers to teach in schools.
Royal Mail has said it is in talks with unions over changes to its pension scheme.
Jersey scrum-half Matt Stevens says his side are on the verge of reaching the top of the Premiership.
A new unmanned aircraft has made its first test flight.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest chipmaker, has announced plans to cut its workforce by more than half.
A man and a woman have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a London nightclub.
Four Chinese Uighur men have been sentenced to death for their role in a deadly attack on tourists in Xinjiang last year, state media report.
A former Leicestershire hall has reopened to the public for the first time in more than 20 years.
A three-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff.
Credit card companies have been accused of unfairly compensating customers for mis-sold payment protection (PPI).
Scientists in Bristol have developed a new way to use urine to generate electricity.
Facebook has released a new set of maps that it says can help map the world.
Wakefield beat Widnes Vikings to reach the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup.
The organisers of the Giro d'Italia have removed a poster of a female cyclist from a race in the Belgian city of Harelbeke.
For more than a year, Kai has been living in a refugee camp in the South Sudanese capital, Juba.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car was attacked in Bangor, County Antrim.
Emma Stone has said she is proud to be a woman in the United Nations.
Network Rail has been accused of being overspend and overspending.
Morocco failed to reach the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations as they were held to a goalless draw by Egypt.
Three West Midlands police officers have been cleared of misconduct by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC).
A man who died after being hit by a car in central London has been named by police.
A British men's club is taking part in a competition to find out what it takes to be a British man.
Six people have been arrested in Zambia over allegations of illegal mining.
Four players have been suspended by the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) after being found guilty of racial abuse.
Australian Nick Kyrgios needs to improve his game, says former world number one John McEnroe.
US President-elect Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto have met for the first time.
A new type-2 diabetes drug has been found to extend the lives of mice, a study suggests.
A man has died after being assaulted in a car park.
Huddersfield Giants have re-signed former Leeds Rhinos and Hull FC prop Matt Bailey.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a car crashed into a building in Edinburgh.
Gianluigi Giaccherini has joined Serie A side Juventus for an undisclosed fee.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of a medieval castle in Durham.
Former Liverpool defender John MacKenzie has apologised for a Sun article in which he likened a black man to a "black man".
Torquay United have signed a deal to buy the Torquay Town Football Club for an undisclosed sum.
Children with learning disabilities and autism are the most vulnerable people in England and Wales, according to a new report.
Lions have released their full squad for the 2017-18 season.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Manchester United came from behind to beat Leicester at Old Trafford.
Plans to decriminalise non-payment of the BBC's licence fee have been backed by the government.
The UK will be able to leave the European Union after Brexit, the UK's prime minister has said.
A second member of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group has appeared in court in Barcelona charged with planning the Barcelona van attack.
A man accused of stabbing a man to death with a crossbow has told a court he was "a Geordie man".
A man who was jailed for life for murder has been released on bail.
World number one Rory McIlroy says he will not play again this year because of a knee injury.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has said he is considering running for the Labour leadership.
A former chief executive of NHS Protect has been found guilty of defrauding more than £9,000 from the NHS.
Google has launched a new tool that allows it to track shoppers' online purchases.
Police are searching for a man they want to speak to after a woman was sexually assaulted in a car in Edinburgh.
The number of people living in the UK increased by more than a third last year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League champions.
Guernsey's FA Cup semi-final against Sussex will take place in Dover next month, the club has confirmed.
Plans for the Garden Bridge in central London have been abandoned by the City of London, a report has found.
A major road in Buckinghamshire has reopened after a water main burst.
As the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme gets under way in Northern Ireland, the News Letter is the latest in a series of papers to come out of the firing line.
A dentist has been charged with the murder of his wife.
A police officer has been charged with the murder of a teenager who was shot in the head during a party in Texas.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has apologised for his recent comments about terrorism.
Olympic rowing champion Mark Pitcher has set a new world record for the longest solo voyage.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Portugal beat Sweden to reach the semi-finals of the European Championship.
Five men have been released on bail after being held for more than a year on suspicion of piracy.
The Taliban have seized a key district of Helmand province for the first time in more than a decade.
A Holocaust survivor from Birkenau, Germany, has spoken of his memories of playing football during World War Two.
This year's Glastonbury Festival will be the biggest music festival in the world.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a hotel in north London.
Ivory Coast has been ordered to halt drilling in a disputed area of the Atlantic Ocean, a court has ruled.
More than 1,000 motorists have been caught using their mobile phones while travelling on a motorway.
A jury in the trial of Oscar Pistorius accused of raping a young woman has been told it is "a myth".
Ollie Hogg has been named in the British and Irish Lions squad for the tour of New Zealand.
A conservation group has called on the Scottish government to remove beavers from a beach in Tayside.
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a fire broke out at a prison in Bridgend.
Former Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat has resigned.
A Bristol-based children's charity has been accused of bullying staff.
Plans to install solar panels on more than 1,000 homes in Kirkcaldy have been approved.
Judy Murray says she is "disappointed" the British Tennis Association (LTA) does not have a long-term strategy for the sport.
Northampton Town director of rugby Steve Richards says the club's new head coach Paul Wilder is a "world-class" man.
Britain's Adam Rutherford has failed to qualify for the men's long jump final at the World Championships in London.
The Hillsborough inquests have been "a momentous day", Home Secretary Theresa May has said.
The RSPCA has appealed for information after a horse was found dead in woodland.
The government has promised to resettle up to 1,000 unaccompanied children in Europe by the end of the year.
Former Newsnight presenter Paxman has defended his decision to shave his beard.
Black Sabbath have moved into the top 10 of the Official Chart for the first time in more than a decade.
Cuban President Raul Castro has called on the country's parliament to pass a series of reforms aimed at reducing bureaucracy.
England have been given the right to host the Women's Super League for the first time.
The number of secondary schools in Northern Ireland has fallen to its lowest level for three years, official figures show.
More than 1,000 migrants have been rescued from a boat that capsized off the coast of Libya, officials say.
A ceasefire has broken down in the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Former Cardiff City head coach Andy Woodward has spoken of his "devastating" experience of being abused by football coaches.
Plans to transform Dundee's waterfront have been given the go-ahead.
Former All Blacks scrum-half Conor Clarke has signed a new three-year deal with the Irish Rugby Union.
Leeds Rhinos full-back Matt Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
World number one Bubba Watson has been named as the captain of the United States team for the Ryder Cup.
Lewis Hamilton says it would be "disrespectful" if his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was banned from the Formula 1 championship.
DNA has been found in the remains of six soldiers who died in World War One, the Ministry of Defence says.
Yaroslav Rakitskiy and Milivoje Novakovic scored twice as Ukraine beat Slovenia to reach the semi-finals of the European Championship.
Ospreys' hopes of a European Champions Cup quarter-final suffered a blow as they lost to Exeter Chiefs.
Work has started on a new dual carriageway linking Edinburgh and Glasgow.
The Battle of the Somme has come to an end.
World number one Venus Williams has said she does not feel entitled to equal pay at Wimbledon.
Children and young people in England are suffering from mental health problems, according to a new report.
An Israeli man has been shot dead in the occupied West Bank, police say.
A man who stabbed a man to death in a Glasgow flat has been jailed for life.
A California woman accused of murdering her boyfriend has raised more than $2m (£1.2m) in bail, her lawyer has said.
The number of nurseries offering Level 3 courses in England has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, a survey suggests.
The US central bank's chief economist has said she expects a rise in interest rates this year.
Sports Direct has reported a drop in profits for the three months to the end of March.
When I first started dating, I had no idea what I was getting myself into.
A black woman from Swansea has won an award for her contribution to Black History Month.
A 16-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Edinburgh.
Joe Root has been named England captain for the first time.
Members of Greater Manchester's counter-terrorism unit have held a meeting to discuss how to respond to a terror attack.
Star Wars actor John Boyega has been honoured by a theatre in Peckham.
Dundee maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over Ross County.
MPs have accused the government of not doing enough to help young people who are struggling to find work.
A Ceredigion university is to get a £1m boost from a lottery.
A County Armagh football club has been forced to close after flooding caused by Storm Desmond.
Nottingham Forest have appointed former Notts County boss Paul Fletcher as their new chief executive.
Germany has imposed new border controls as it tries to cope with the growing number of refugees entering Europe.
The ancient Indian monsoon has been analysed for the first time.
Kenya's medical staff have gone on strike in a dispute over pay.
The search for a US Navy aircraft that went missing off the coast of Australia is under way.
Swansea City SPCA has been called out after a snake was spotted at a park in the city.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced that the first of four new Type 26 frigates will be built on the Clyde.
At least eight people have been killed in a suicide attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital, Kabul, officials say.
The Duke of Edinburgh has led a procession through Powys to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of a goat.
Indian nurses who were held hostage by Islamic State militants in Iraq for more than a month have been freed.
Swansea City defender Matt Anderson says he is "disappointed" Rangers defender Kieran Kiernan has been cleared of assaulting him.
Northampton Town boss Paul Sweet says he believes the club can return to the Premier League next season.
Livingston came from behind to beat Brechin City and reach the second round of the Scottish League Cup.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would be willing to allow MPs to vote against air strikes in Syria.
A reconstructed skeleton of a Bronze Age man has been recreated for the first time.
The US food chain Chipotle Mexican Grill has said it is investigating a possible source of a deadly strain of the norovirus.
The mother of a Chicago girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted on Facebook has said she fears for her daughter's safety.
Taiwan's first female president, Tsai Ing-wen, has been in office for more than a decade.
British number one Andy Murray will face fellow Briton Michael Ward in the second round of the Miami Open.
Plans to build a tidal lagoon in Swansea have been given the go-ahead by the government.
The number of animal cruelty cases in Wales has reached a record high, according to the RSPCA.
It's the start of the new Formula 1 season.
Armed police have searched a coach on the M40 motorway following reports of a suspected smoking device on the vehicle.
Three London councils have launched legal action against the third runway at Heathrow Airport, the BBC has learned.
Parts of Sweden have been hit by heavy rain, with some parts of the country experiencing the coldest winter on record.
The coffins of three French soldiers who died during World War Two have been laid to rest at the Pantheon in Paris.
A 92-year-old woman has been raped and robbed in her home in Kilmarnock.
World number one Dustin Hoffman shot a four-under-par 65 to reach the final round of the Masters at Augusta National.
Proposals to allow gay and bisexual men to have their convictions pardoned have been submitted to the Northern Ireland Assembly.
A teacher who failed to register for exams has been banned from teaching for three years.
A vintage car festival in Coventry has been axed.
Victims of historical child sex abuse in football are being referred to police across the UK, a charity has said.
Michael Taylor reached the semi-finals of the Premier League for the first time with a 4-1 victory over Mark van Gerwen.
Being unable to use a Changing Places toilet is a huge problem for disabled people in Wales.
A prominent Syrian journalist has been killed by members of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group.
Too many young people are missing out on the chance to go to university because of a "confused" qualifications system, the House of Lords has said.
China's government has launched a crackdown on online banking scams.
Video replays will soon be available in the United States.
South Africa have been drawn in the semi-finals of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
If you're worried about something, you might want to think about it.
Tributes have been paid to a Northern Ireland prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east Belfast.
Venezuela's border with Colombia has been closed for a second day as part of a crackdown on illegal fuel smuggling.
Poland has one of the world's biggest radio and TV networks.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the second round of the Aegon International with a straight-set victory over Czech qualifier Karolina Pliskova.
Plans for a new supermarket in Merthyr Tydfil have been given the go-ahead.
Wales Under-20 international Liam James has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
Chris Matthews became the first British rider to win a stage of the Tour de France with victory over Team Sky's Chris Froome.
The National Crime Agency (NCA) is investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Ukrainian forces say they have pulled out of two rebel-held areas in the east of the country.
The UK's biggest mail company has warned it is facing a "serious threat" from competition.
Downton Abbey star Daniel Radcliffe says he does not have the talent to play Shakespeare's Hamlet.
Three Russian women have been awarded the highest military honour in the world, the Russian military says.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt says his side will face New Zealand in a rematch of their World Cup quarter-final at Twickenham on Saturday.
Police in the Dominican Republic have opened a criminal investigation into the office of the police chief, Eduardo Rodríguez.
Barcelona striker Lionel Messi scored a hat-trick as his side beat Atletico Madrid to move to within three points of La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Former world number one Johanna Konta has been banned from all matches at the French Open after being accused of abusive language.
Leicester striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the Fifa World XI for the first time.
National League side Mansfield Town have re-signed midfielder Jack O'Connell on a season-long loan.
At least eight people have been killed in two separate explosions in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, officials say.
A 16-year-old girl has told a court she had sex with Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson for the first time.
Former Formula 1 champion Justin Wilson has died after a crash at the Indianapolis 500.
A three-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van.
Belfast boxer Conor Barnes beat Alexander Slavchev to reach the semi-finals of the IBF world featherweight title.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she is "very optimistic" Donald Trump will be able to sign a trade deal with the US.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at how the UK economy is performing.
Scotland's education secretary has launched a new online tool to help schools learn how to improve the quality of education.
Greece has said it will appeal to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for permission to return the Marbles to Greece.
The government's plan to cut welfare spending in England and Wales has been criticised by a think tank.
Albania reached the quarter-finals of the European Championship for the first time with victory over Armenia.
People living in high-rise flats in Scotland have been urged to be vigilant over cladding used in the Grenfell Tower fire.
Oumar Ighalo scored twice as Watford extended their unbeaten start to the season to five games with victory over Newcastle.
Plans for a major redevelopment of Pembrokeshire have been unveiled.
Ukrainian opposition leader Alexander Kalashnikov has been found dead in his apartment in Kiev, police say.
Nicolas Sarkozy's relationship with Carla Bruni has been described as a "fairytale".
Wrexham have signed former Notts County striker Alex Harvey on a two-year deal.
A portrait of the Duke of Walmer has gone on display at the National Museum of England in London.
Visiting a nature reserve can help people feel more relaxed and happier, a study suggests.
Easyjet has launched a fleet of drones that can be used to control planes.
The first trailer for the new James Bond film, Spectre, has been released.
Pepsi has confirmed it is to close a factory in Durham which produces its crisp crisps.
One of the UK's most famous recording studios has opened to the public for the first time.
Russian authorities are carrying out "urgent" inspections of non-governmental organisations, activists say.
Children with narcolepsy could be at greater risk of developing the condition if they are given the drug Pandemrix, a study suggests.
The number of UK universities in the top 20 has fallen sharply, according to a new report.
A new dragon has been born in Caerphilly county.
A woman who defrauded clients out of more than £10,000 has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Parents in Australia are being urged to vaccinate their children against measles and other diseases.
Venezuela's former military intelligence chief, Oscar Pérez, has been on the run for more than a year.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) has been given the power to set up two committees in the Scottish Parliament.
Scientists in East Anglia have sequenced the genome of a fungus that causes ash die-back.
The US presidential election has come to an end.
A private street in San Francisco has been sold for $1.5m (Â£1.3m) at an online auction.
Craig Eastmond's second-half equaliser gave Gateshead victory at Gateshead to move out of the National League relegation zone.
Two men have been found dead on the top of the Matterhorn in Switzerland.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been ruled out of the rest of the season after being charged with misconduct.
Smoking is one of the biggest health problems in the world, but how do you deal with it?
A mental health unit at London's West London Hospital has been invited to speak to patients for the first time.
Councils should be given more powers to regulate the price of alcohol, a select committee of MPs has said.
Plans for a new beach resort in Powys have been approved by the Welsh government.
Cleveland Indians beat the Cleveland Indians 4-1 in a rain-delayed game at Wrigley Field.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said he was "disappointed" to miss the Monaco Grand Prix because of a "human error".
A group of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) fans have called for Leicester City to be banned from the Premier League.
An Orange bonfire has been set up in east Belfast.
If Donald Trump is going to win the US presidential election, he will need to win some of the most important battleground states.
Johanna Purve-Jorendal has been searching for her mother for more than 20 years.
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the Hungarian Grand Prix as Ferrari's Nico Rosberg dominated the first practice session.
A convicted serial killer has been moved to a mental health unit.
Plans for a new Welshmedium school in Powys have been approved by councillors.
Tom DeLonge has announced he is leaving Blink-182.
A woman has been rescued after falling into a hole in a car tyre.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he is "very happy" with the performance of striker Wayne Rooney.
South Korea's first female president, Park Geun-hye, has apologised for her role in a corruption scandal.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year-old boy was seriously injured in a car crash.
A petition calling for the abolition of the death penalty in England and Wales has been launched.
A three-year-old boy has died at a farm in County Tyrone.
A court in South Africa has rejected a bid by Oscar Pistorius to appeal against his murder conviction.
The owners of Dungiven Airfield in Wrexham have won a legal challenge to the use of the site for commercial flights.
Oxford United have made two changes to their squad for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Blackburn Rovers.
Online retailer JD.com has bought China's largest online retailer, Yihaodai, for an undisclosed sum.
A Welsh Conservative MP has said he does not expect a vote on devolution to the assembly.
UKIP has said it will support the government's plan to give veterans the right to a military medal.
David Tennant has died at the age of 90, the BBC has announced.
The government's plans to cut subsidies to the UK's renewable energy industry have been criticised by campaigners.
A ceremony has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the bravery of Welsh soldiers who fought at the Battle of the Somme.
Great Britain's Marcus Langridge and Marcus Ellis have reached the semi-finals of the men's badminton World Championships.
It's been a week of ups and downs for London Underground.
Coventry City have apologised to fans who took part in disturbances at their League One match.
China says it will hold talks with North Korea to resolve the country's nuclear and missile programmes.
The Glasgow School of Fine Art has been awarded a £1m grant to help fund the restoration of its Mackintosh building.
David Beckham has been photographed taking part in a rescue mission for air ambulance passengers in London.
A High Court judge has ruled that Northern Ireland's environment minister unlawfully blocked plans to build a John Lewis store in Belfast.
Portsmouth have signed Portsmouth defender Drew Talbot on a season-long loan deal.
Former Hartlepool United boss Paul Hignett says he is ready to take over as manager of the League Two club.
Veteran actor George Cole has died at the age of 83.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower after the European Central Bank (ECB) decided not to raise interest rates.
Firefighters in England and Wales have gone on strike for the second day in a row over pensions.
The government has promised to provide fast broadband to all homes in England and Wales by 2020.
Colombia has launched an investigation into the use of a secret communications centre in the Cuban capital, Havana.
The head of the UK's governing body, the Football Association, has been appointed as its new chief executive.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in the squad for next season's Europa League.
A cash machine has been stolen from a bank in Glasgow city centre.
US President-elect Donald Trump has signed the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal.
The funeral of a pensioner who died in the Tunisia terror attack has taken place in Perthshire.
A pair of Queen Victoria's trousers have gone on display for the first time.
Kilmarnock manager Jack Neilson says he is "disappointed" a referee was sent off for kicking Jack Jack.
Ex-Wales footballer Dean Saunders has said he will pay £10,000 for parking at the Euro 2016 semi-finals.
Mark Wilson became the first player to reach the final of a World Snooker Championship with a record-equalling seven-match winning streak.
Some of the world's most popular ice cream brands have gone up in price, according to a survey by a consumer group.
The remains of a baby girl have been found at a nature reserve in West Yorkshire.
Britain's Chris Froome won stage 17 of the Giro d'Italia to become the first man to win the Tour de France.
Plans for a new HS2 rail line in South Yorkshire have been approved by the government.
Barnsley continued their unbeaten start to the season as they came from behind to beat Chesterfield.
French energy firm EDF has confirmed it has signed a deal to build a nuclear power plant at Hinkley Point C in Somerset.
A carcass of a sperm whale has been found on a Norfolk beach.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with the Celtic v Rangers match.
A British woman from Iran has said she has been told she cannot travel to the US because of new visa rules.
Schools in Wales are failing to improve their pupils' achievement, an education expert has said.
A man has been jailed for four years for biting a man's ear.
An Australian doctor has accused the government of trying to "gag" medical professionals about their treatment for mental health problems.
Sci-fi author Neil Gaiman has won the prestigious Man Booker Prize for his novel The Ocean's Edge.
This year's Great British Bake Off is taking place in London.
A cancer hospital in London has been investigated by a watchdog over its governance.
A new type of mollusk has been discovered in Morocco.
The Belfast Telegraph has announced it is to move to a new building in the city centre.
The families of three men who died during SAS training have called for the Ministry of Defence (MoD) to be stripped of its immunity from prosecution.
A stolen farm car has been pursued by police during a police chase.
The former leader of Plaid Cymru, Lord Elis-Thomas, has accused the party of being "completely disorderly".
Donald Trump has been elected president of the United States.
Human rights campaigners have called for an end to xenophobic rhetoric in the wake of the US decision to ban refugees from the Middle East.
Junior doctors in England are going on strike in a dispute over emergency services.
Newport Gwent Dragons have rejected a bid from French side Paris St-Germain.
A Glamorgan university has been awarded a £10,000 grant to preserve the collection of Welsh poet Edward Thomas.
Worcestershire all-rounder Matt Macho hit a career-best century as his side took control on day one of their County Championship match against Sussex.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xherdan Shaqiri believes Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola can help change the way football is played.
The number of patients waiting more than 18 weeks to be discharged from hospital has reached a record high, according to new figures.
India's chief railway officer has accused Maoist rebels of trying to overthrow the government.
Harrogate has become the first city in the world to offer knitwear to cyclists ahead of the Tour de Yorkshire.
A man has been arrested in connection with a robbery in Londonderry.
Tens of thousands of tourists have been flocking to a beach in the Tunisian capital, Toulouse, since the gunman opened fire last week.
A man suspected of setting fire to a Florida mosque in the wake of the Orlando nightclub attack has been arrested.
The Scottish Mountaineering Association (SMA) has called for volunteers to help remove rubbish from its two-and-a-half-tops.
Wakefield suffered their first defeat of the season as Catalans Dragons came from behind to beat Wakefield.
Gloucester Warriors scrum-half Mark Atkinson has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has been diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Celtic maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Partick Thistle.
Partick Thistle maintained their unbeaten start to the Scottish League Two season with victory over Montrose.
Blackburn Rovers have signed former Wigan Athletic defender Alex Jones on a season-long loan deal.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has said it is investigating claims of fraud.
Blackburn Rovers have re-signed former Bradford City midfielder Jack White on loan until the end of the season.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has vowed to build a border wall with Mexico if he wins the US state of Wisconsin.
A Welsh Conservative AM has been confirmed as the party's candidate for the assembly election.
Celtic manager Derek McInnes has been shortlisted for the Scottish Professional Footballer of the Year award.
A man who claims he had sex with his ex-partner has asked for a permanent injunction preventing him from being published in the Sun.
South Africa's opposition parties have reacted angrily to the decision by President Jacob Zuma to sack Finance Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Hull City have said they will not be selling the club until the end of the season.
The body of Cecil the lion has been found in a zoo in Zimbabwe, a conservationist has said.
Nicky Ajose's first-half equaliser earned Charlton a 1-1 draw at Gillingham.
Taxpayers who earn more than £50,000 a year will lose some of their child benefit, the government has announced.
The head of Devon and Cornwall Police has announced he will not stand for re-election.
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as their assistant manager for the rest of the season.
Tens of thousands of football fans have been forced to park their vehicles at a football stadium.
The Eiffel Tower in Paris has reopened to the public for the first time since the Paris attacks.
London Welsh have been ruled out of the 2017 British and Irish Lions Cup because of a lack of players.
Glamorgan's Dawid Malan's first-class century of the season helped them beat Middlesex by eight wickets at Lord's.
A mental health hospital in Peterborough has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Police have released CCTV images of a woman they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Dumfries and Galloway.
The number of dog attacks in Gwynedd has more than doubled in five years, figures show.
The head of the Football Association, Charlotte Rabbatts, has announced she is stepping down after five years in the role.
England's Jos Buttler became the first bowler to score a century in a one-day international as they beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the first match of the ODI series.
A couple who died after being hit by a car while trying to conceive have been named by police.
Michelin has agreed to buy a Scottish-based tyre supplier for £1.5bn (£1.2bn).
A draft report into future Landscapes Wales has been criticised by conservation groups.
Surrey all-rounder Sam Tremlett has announced he will retire from international cricket at the end of the season.
Motorola has unveiled a new technology that allows drivers to press buttons on their smartphones.
A fishing boat which capsized off the coast of Aberdeenshire has been rescued.
Poland's main opposition party, Civic Platform, has won a majority in parliament.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused his rival Hillary Clinton of trying to rig the US election.
An optometrist who failed to check a man's eye has been found guilty of manslaughter.
Birmingham City maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory at Burton Albion.
Bristol Rovers full-back Scott Garbutt has been banned from rugby league for six months after being sent off for punching a man.
A memorial service has been held to mark the discovery of a missing yacht off the coast of Hampshire.
A social housing fund has been set up in Falkirk to help fund affordable housing.
Nottinghamshire's batsman Chris Dickson hit his first first-class century of the season as his side beat Leicestershire by eight wickets.
A man has been arrested after a woman was raped in Cardiff city centre.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the key stories from Sierra Leone's mining history.
Plans for a new railway line between Wokingham and Battersea have been given the go ahead.
Wales' transport minister has said she is "very concerned" about the future of cross-border rail services.
Tim Peake and his girlfriend have created a virtual reality version of the International Space Station.
Islamist militants in Burkina Faso have attacked hotels and restaurants in the capital, Ouagadougou.
A lorry driver has died after a crash on a dual carriageway in East Lothian.
A Bangladeshi man who went missing from his village in Pakistan more than 20 years ago has been reunited with his family.
Mobile phone firm mSpy has said it has been hacked to gain access to millions of customers' personal data.
Twitter has been criticised for not doing enough to stop abusive messages on the social network.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) should investigate allegations of corruption at football's governing body Fifa, a senior MP has said.
McLaren have confirmed that they are in talks to appoint a new chief executive officer.
Spanish newspaper El Pais says it has obtained a copy of a bank account belonging to the former leader of the Popular Party.
The number of migrants trying to cross the Channel from the UK to the UK has risen to eight.
Liam Yafai retained his IBF world featherweight title with a unanimous points victory over fellow Briton James Yafaf in Birmingham.
The opening of a leisure centre in Hampshire has been approved by councillors.
A Sinn Féin MLA has been cleared of defaming a former member of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP).
Pakistan's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), has denied it was involved in a raid on Osama Bin Laden's compound.
A student who posted video of himself carrying a gun on his mobile phone has filed a lawsuit against the US state of Connecticut.
A new dual carriageway at Elephant and Castle in London has reopened to traffic.
Eoin Morgan and Eoin Morgan hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the second day of their One-Day Cup match.
Japan's Nikkei 225 index has closed lower for the second day in a row, as investors remain cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve meeting.
The Iranian parliament has voted overwhelmingly in favour of the nuclear deal with world powers.
Rangers have completed the signing of Portuguese midfielder Bruno Alves from Celtic for an undisclosed fee.
Mae'r gadair eleni wedi cael eu llifio o goed yn rhannol yn Nhrawsfynydd.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash at a motor racing event.
Hundreds of pharmacists in India's capital, Delhi, are to strike in protest at the government's crackdown on illegal drug sales.
Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin's backing for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is a significant step forward in the race for the Republican nomination.
One of Wales' most famous gardens has been destroyed by flooding.
The former leader of the British National Party (BNP), Nick Nicky, has died at the age of 83.
Pupils in two primary schools in Northern Ireland are being taught how to cope with the transition from primary school to secondary school.
Two men have been arrested in connection with a burglary in Wrexham.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he has no plans to sell Wales defender Joe Allen.
A man has been arrested in connection with the sale of Northern Ireland property loans to a private equity firm.
Championship side Aston Villa have signed Aston Villa midfielder Sam Suliman on a season-long loan deal.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Scotland looks at some of the key issues facing the Scottish Parliament.
Iran says it has reached an interim agreement with world powers on its nuclear programme.
Great Britain reached the Eurobasket quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Netherlands in Amsterdam.
Royal Bank of Scotland has released a new £10 note featuring a portrait of a woman from Scotland.
US President Barack Obama has called for unity in the wake of the deaths of four Dallas police officers.
A venomous python has died on a flight from Australia to New Zealand.
Germany's biggest publisher, Springer Media, has bought the online news website, Newsbeat, for an undisclosed sum.
A new scheme to encourage people to take part in leisure activities in Warrington has been launched.
The Kepler space telescope has discovered hundreds of new planets.
More than 1,000 puppies have been seized from a shipping container in the Republic of Ireland.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has called on the government to cut net migration from the UK to below 100,000.
A Grade II* listed building in Durham has been given the go-ahead to be demolished.
A Cotswold stone monument has been awarded an award for its outstanding contribution to the UK's night sky.
A body has been found in a river in Shropshire.
Michael Dunlop won the opening practice session of the Isle of Man Superbike Grand Prix with a comfortable 131.9mph.
A Denbighshire beach has been damaged by flooding, according to a new report.
A union representing ScotRail workers has called for talks to resolve a dispute over pay and conditions.
Hungary's foreign minister, Witold Szijjarto, has said the country will not take legal action against EU countries.
You're walking along a street in Belfast and you notice two nails sticking out of the pavement.
One of the world's biggest sports brands, Topps, has said it has been hacked.
Virat Kohli's first-class century helped India beat South Africa by eight wickets in the first Test in Johannesburg.
Motorists who use a mobile phone while driving should be banned from doing so, a campaign group has said.
Two men have been arrested after a donkey was attacked at a Gwynedd farm.
More than £1m has been invested in a new cemetery in Oxford.
Chris Brown is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot at a nightclub in California.
Nigeria says it has reached a deal with the US over the sale of military aircraft to the Nigerian army.
Plans to ban gender-selective abortions in England and Wales have been defeated by MPs.
Plans for a new village in Surrey have been given the go-ahead by councillors.
Millions of tonnes of food are being wasted every year because of climate change, a report says.
A man has been jailed for fraudulently defrauded out of more than £1m.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he will meet former Premier League captain Terry Terry at the end of the season.
One of Northern Ireland's most senior politicians has told a parliamentary committee that the UK should remain in the European Union.
Afghanistan's former police chief Abdul Hamid Zahir has been named as the new chief of police.
The number of people in the UK who have reached the age of 100 is expected to rise by more than 50% in the next five years, according to new figures.
Increasing greenhouse gas emissions could reduce the number of butterflies in the UK, according to a study.
A cyclist is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry.
A Cardiff-based outsourcing firm has announced plans to create 1,000 new jobs.
In our series of letters from African journalists, African journalists and writers, we look at some of the challenges facing women in Africa.
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a Polish man who was attacked in Essex.
A father who was jailed for a string of armed robberies has been given a life sentence.
St Albans and Oldham are the most deprived areas in England, according to a new report.
Judy Ball is to be announced as the winner of this year's Olivier Awards.
A blue plaque has been unveiled to mark the 60th anniversary of the creation of George Brown's garden in Carmarthenshire.
The wife of a British pilot who died in a plane crash in New Zealand has celebrated her 90th birthday.
The number of business insolvencies in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, according to consultancy KPMG.
Monaghan and Tyrone will meet in the All-Ireland semi-final at Croke Park on Saturday.
A former police officer has been found guilty of conning a drug dealer out of thousands of pounds.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man whose body was found in a microwave oven.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Newsnight looks at what you need to know about Islam.
The body of a man who went missing in India more than a year ago has been found.
An NHS ambulance service in Oxfordshire has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Nottingham Forest striker Danny Green has said he is "disappointed" at the club's decision to sell him.
Great Britain's taekwondo team has been criticised for failing to properly investigate claims of improper treatment of athletes.
Glamorgan all-rounder Andrew Lloyd hit his first T20 Blast century of the season as Glamorgan beat Sussex by eight wickets.
Aberdeen-based Scottish Savings Bank has appointed a new chief executive.
A man who defrauded more than 1,000 people out of more than £1m has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Jamaica's drug testing programme is "not the tip of the iceberg", the country's chief medical officer has said.
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new head coach of Serie A club AC Milan.
Shrewsbury kept their League One play-off hopes alive with victory over Blackpool.
If the UK voted to leave the European Union, it would be the first time in the UK's history that it could borrow money from other countries.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the repatriation of the body of his father, Ferdinand Marcos, to a cemetery in the country's capital, Manila.
Five men have been arrested in connection with a series of sex slavery raids.
On the Greek island of Lesbos, thousands of migrants are trying to make their way to Europe.
A cyclist has been reunited with her bike after thieves stole it from her at a supermarket.
The families of six people killed in a helicopter crash in Fife have said they are "devastated" by the lack of flight data recorders.
Mario Balotelli says he will not play for AC Milan again after being racially abused during a match.
A charity event is to be held to raise money for the victims of the Smiler rollercoaster crash.
Hilary Mantel's Vertigo has been voted the best film of all time by a film critics' magazine.
A prisoner who escaped from a US prison in New York has been shot dead, officials say.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was attacked in Blackpool.
Coffee giant Coca-Cola has reported a sharp drop in sales in the first three months of the year.
A small Cambodian fishing community has become the first in the world to be able to sell raw fish for less than a dollar.
Manchester United have signed Raheem Morrison from West Ham for an undisclosed fee.
In the wake of the San Bernardino shooting in California, Republican presidential hopefuls have said they are prepared to take action against "radical Islamic terrorism".
A student dressed in a Ku Klux Klan costume has been banned from the University of Oxford.
A man has appeared in court charged with drugs offences.
Wales' hopes of reaching the 2018 World Cup quarter-finals have been boosted by the success of their Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
The number of teachers in Scotland is at an all-time high.
George Clooney has been greeted by a terminally ill woman at a care home.
A huge sinkhole has opened up in woodland in Hertfordshire.
Leicester City have appointed former Everton manager Steve Walsh as their new manager.
Republic of Ireland defender Jon Walters has been ruled out of the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Italy.
Saracens scrum-half Owen Farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club.
Royal Mail has apologised to a man who found a box of Christmas cards in his toilet.
Roarie Deacon's first-half equaliser earned Sutton victory over Cheltenham in the League Two play-off semi-finals.
Photographer Gareth Iwan Jones has been photographing caravanning for the first time.
The former chief constable of the Independent Inquiry into Human Rights Abuse (IHAT) has said he is "devastated" by the decision to close the unit.
Former Delta State governor Eniola Ibori has gone on trial accused of stealing millions of pounds from the state.
A man is being sought to become the first person to take on the role of bouncy castle manager at a London hotel.
Scotland head coach Mark Visser says his side are ready to face South Africa in Saturday's World Cup quarter-final.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in a breastfeeding protest in Swansea.
Fleetwood reached the League Two play-off quarter-finals for the first time with a 1-1 draw at Southport.
A woman who gave birth to a foetal abnormality in Northern Ireland has won a legal battle to have her abortion legalised.
It's that time of year again.
More than 100 doctors have signed a letter calling for a radical shake-up of the NHS in England.
Tens of thousands of tonnes of food have been delivered to schools in the northern Mexican state of Oaxaca, officials say.
A powerful earthquake has struck the western Pacific island of Vanuatu.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he is "deeply saddened" by the misuse of public funds.
A reward of up to £10,000 has been offered for information leading to the discovery of the body of Caroline McKeown.
Victor Pellegrini scored twice as Italy beat Belgium to reach the semi-finals of the Champions League.
Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy shot a four-under-par 65 to share the lead at the halfway stage of the Dubai Desert Classic.
Paralympic gold medallist Jamie Swift has announced his retirement from the sport.
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a house in Suffolk.
The funeral of a former Conservative MP who died at a Birmingham hospital has been moved because of a "distressing" mix-up, a charity has said.
Plans for a new £1bn authority have been approved by councillors in Cambridgeshire.
Britain's Laura Lapthorne reached the semi-finals of the men's doubles at the Australian Open for the first time.
Footage has been released of the first snowfall of the winter so far.
A man has died after being hit by a train at a railway crossing.
The chief executive of Gatwick Airport has said he is "disappointed" by a report into the expansion of the airport.
Boxer Anthony Joshua's Wembley Stadium will be used as a venue for boxing matches, according to the Welsh FA president.
Kilmarnock boss Jim Clark says his side's recent poor start to the season is a "wake-up call".
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed former Charlton Athletic midfielder David Weston on a two-year deal.
The former BHS department store in London has launched a new online business.
In a small village in the northern Bangladeshi state of Chittagong, Rani Rani was struggling to pay back her loans.
The US secretary of state has said he is working on a plan to close the US detention centre at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Bus drivers in the Republic of Ireland have voted in favour of a new contract for Luas drivers.
A Conservative MP has been awarded more than £1m after being accused of selling oil to the Islamic State group.
A petition calling for the European Parliament to ratify a controversial trade deal with Canada has been signed by more than 1,000 people.
Bolton Wanderers have completed the takeover of the League Two club.
Ireland came from behind to beat Scotland and reach the quarter-finals of the Six Nations for the first time.
Scientists in China say they have found a way to reverse a gene that causes cancer.
Lydlow harbour in Gloucestershire is to be taken over by a private company.
Liberia and Yemen have been named winners of the Nobel Peace Prize.
Belfast Lightning beat Cardiff Capitals 4-2 to move to within one point of the Elite League leaders.
Great Britain's women's canoe team have qualified for the Rio Games for the second year in a row.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a rollercoaster crashed at a theme park in Coventry.
A man has been arrested after police searched his car in Sydney, Australia.
A detention centre in Australia's Christmas Island detention centre has been evacuated, police say.
Meat inspectors in the UK will no longer be able to check for disease in the meat they eat.
Championship side Charlton Athletic have signed former England Under-21 midfielder Alex Dumililva on loan until the end of the season.
A mother and daughter have been charged with the manslaughter of a 15-year-old boy who collapsed during a swimming lesson.
A huge building has collapsed in the centre of the Italian city of Naples.
National League side Gateshead have signed former Gateshead defender Matt Sweeney on a two-year deal.
Astronaut Tim Peake has spoken to children in space for the first time.
A Polish man who attacked his four-month-old son with a machete has been jailed for life.
Olympic gold medallist Helen Atwell has been named as the winner of a prestigious international education prize.
North Wales could benefit from greater devolution to the north of England, the chairman of the Northern Powerhouse has said.
League Two side Rochdale have signed former Charlton Athletic midfielder Gary Williams on a two-year deal.
Pop star Adele has said she is "disappointed" she failed to win best album at this year's Grammys.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers hailed his side's performance in their 2-1 win over QPR in the Premier League.
The UK government has backed plans to set up a divisional patent court in Scotland.
A wedding dress worn by actress Lupita Nyong'o has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles.
Ed Sheeran has been asked to write a theme song for the new Bond film.
David Jackson scored twice as Great Britain beat Netherlands 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup.
The amount of overtime paid to police officers in England and Wales has more than doubled in the last five years, figures show.
Archaeological evidence has been discovered at Edinburgh Castle dating back to the 17th Century.
A Canadian ice cream company has bought a school in the US state of Oregon to help save it from closure.
A landfill site in Greater Manchester has been banned from dumping waste after a fire.
It's been a year since Google bought the company behind the iPod and iPhone.
Fifa president Michel Platini has been named as the next president of the world governing body.
Gillingham extended their lead at the top of League One to seven points with victory over League Two Gillingham.
Plans for a new tennis and tennis centre in Stirlingshire have been criticised by former tennis star Andy Murray.
Owners of raccoons should consider buying them, the RSPCA has said.
It's not every day you get a chance to meet the leader of the Conservative Party.
A Russian fighter has been shot down by a US aircraft in the eastern Ukraine, officials say.
Snapchat has reported that more than 1.5 million videos have been viewed by its users in the past year.
Twitter has apologised to users who were affected by a technical problem with its mobile phone service.
A primary school in Sydney has banned students from saying "honey" during class.
One of Wales' most prominent MEPs has been named "Elwyn Davies" for the first time.
Two years ago, the first edition of the Sports Personality of the Year was published.
Welsh taekwondo champion Jade Williams says winning gold at the Rio Olympics is a "huge achievement".
Wladimir Klitschko's WBO world heavyweight title fight with Anthony Joshua will be postponed until the end of the year.
Nigeria's governing body, the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF), has been locked out of its headquarters in Abuja.
One of Northern Ireland's rarest birds, the curlelele, has been put on the list of the UK's most endangered birds.
Crystal Palace midfielder Jordan Johnson has been called up to the England squad for Euro 2016.
French artist Michel Houellebecq has won a prestigious French literary award for his work on the Map of the Map.
A man has died after being hit by a car in central London.
World number one Jason Day is one shot off the lead after the final round of the BMW Championship in Germany.
The former Battersea Power Station in central London has been put up for sale.
Two Afghan soldiers have been shot dead by Taliban militants in the northern province of Helmand, the US military says.
Scotland head coach Gregor Townsend says Saturday's Six Nations match against Fiji will be the "best chance" of his career.
League Two side Vale of Glamorgan are in talks with the club about the future of midfielder Alex Smurthwaite, says the club's director of football.
At least 19 people have been killed in a plane crash in Colombia, officials say.
China's manufacturing sector shrank in the first quarter of the year, according to a closely watched survey.
Juventus kept alive their hopes of reaching the Champions League quarter-finals with a comfortable victory over 10-man Roma.
A British soldier has been awarded the Medal of Ushakov by the Russian government for his role in the Battle of the Arctic.
Three men have been charged with possession of a pipe bomb in Lurgan, County Armagh.
The Chainsmokers have topped the UK album chart for the first time.
Human remains have been found on a dual carriageway in West Sussex.
The number of people affected by cholera in Haiti has reached a record high, the country's health ministry says.
The idea that all primary schools in England should be able to offer free meals in the first six months of primary school is a radical one.
The UK's economy shrank by 0.5% in the three months to March, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Queen's comments about Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit to London have been criticised by Chinese media.
Wrexham have appointed Dean Keates as their new manager.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for three years after being caught with a large quantity of cannabis.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at ways to tackle air pollution.
Jazz fans in Indonesia have been reacting to a young Indonesian musician's performance at the US Jazz Awards.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man at a care home in County Antrim.
A Sinn Féin MP has called for the German government to pay compensation to victims of a controversial anti-doping drug.
The comet 67P has been found to be a "space duck" on its surface, according to the Rosetta probe.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he will not stand for re-election in the US state of New Hampshire.
A South African woman accused of trying to cover up the murder of Oscar Pistorius has appeared in court.
Former world number one Andy Murray says he is "disrespectful" and "embarrassed" after failing to reach the third round of the French Open.
Barcelona striker Neymar has been ordered to pay more than 1.5m euros (£1.2m; £1.3m) in damages after being found guilty of tax fraud.
Fidel Castro, the son of Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, has died at the age of 90.
A 13-year-old boy has been raped in Blackburn.
American neuroscientist Daniel Silberman has been shortlisted for this year's Nobel Prize for literature.
England women's captain Laura Danson has been named in the squad for Euro 2016.
Dozens of vehicles have been destroyed in a series of arson attacks in Wiltshire.
The former leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP), Gerry Adams, has told the BBC that he was shot by a member of the IRA during the Troubles.
More than 1,000 people have crossed the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, the BBC has learned.
A man has been jailed for life for causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in County Tyrone.
Two men have been sentenced to life in prison for their role in the death of Turkish refugee Alan Kurdi.
South Africa's top fly-half van Rooyen says he would love to play in the Pro12 for the first time this season.
Israel has admitted killing more than 1,000 Palestinians during the Gaza war, a UN report says.
Scotland's hopes of qualifying for the Euro 2016 quarter-finals have been dealt a blow by Germany's poor start to the tournament.
Welshman Chris Cleverly says he is ready to defend his IBF super-middleweight title against Wladimir Klitschko.
Three paintings by Winston Churchill have been given to the wife of the former Prime Minister.
Manchester has been gripped by the terror attack that left 22 people dead and more than 100 injured.
A 90-year-old woman has been attacked by a man wielding a crowbar during a church service in Glasgow.
Oscar-winning rapper Tinie Tempah has been living in a flat in Peckham for the past three years.
British clothing retailer Aquascutum has been bought by Chinese investors for an undisclosed sum.
A Dundee bank has apologised to customers who were unable to use a cash machine due to a fault.
The University of Stuttgart has said it will close a building that has been contaminated with asbestos.
Jersey's bid to join the European Football Association (Uefa) has been rejected.
More than 1,000 new doctor training places will be created in England over the next five years, the BBC has learned.
Chris Ashton scored a hat-trick as Saracens beat Bath to reach the semi-finals of the European Champions Cup.
Swansea City have signed West Ham striker Danny Kashket and Southampton defender Jack Sterling on two-year deals.
It's been a long time since a manager has returned to the Premier League.
A woman who went on to marry a man she met online has said she was "devastated" by the amount of money she received.
Japan's Supreme Court has upheld a law that allows women to take their husbands' surname.
Ospreys head coach Rob Owens says his side are on the verge of a perfect start to the 2017-18 season.
Nottinghamshire's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the T20 Blast have been boosted by victory over Nottinghamshire.
Former Strictly Come Dancing star Blue has spoken of his depression.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is in the race to become the next president of the United States.
The number of hectares of poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has reached a record high, according to a report.
The High Court has ruled that parents should be allowed to take their children on holiday during school holidays.
The widow of former Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath has said she does not believe allegations of child sex abuse were made against him.
The ban on gay men donating blood for HIV/Aids has been lifted.
Saracens have signed England international Calum Clark on a two-year deal.
The Greek government says it will hold a referendum on whether to accept the terms of the country's bailout.
As England prepare to face Australia in the World Twenty20 final on Saturday, BBC Sport looks back at some of the most memorable moments in the team's history.
Warwickshire beat Lancashire by eight wickets to reach the third round of the One-Day Cup.
Wales head coach Rob Davies has called for the Six Nations to be extended to eight weeks.
A body has been found on a beach in Devon, police have said.
Plans to transform a Wrexham cemetery into a tourist attraction have been approved.
Plans to recruit more doctors to work in the NHS have been backed by a think tank.
The evacuation of civilians from the besieged Syrian city of Aleppo has begun, the UN says.
At least 19 people have been killed in a gun attack on a military base in the Libyan capital Tripoli, officials say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC News looks at how much student debt there is in the UK.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has stepped down as education secretary.
England will face Scotland in a friendly at Wembley on Saturday.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has called for a "new normal" in relations with Russia following the recent chemical attack in Syria.
Cheshire is set to become the first county in the UK to be devolved to the government.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death at a hotel in north Belfast.
Uganda's army says it has been told it has not received a payment of more than $1m (Â£1m) from the European Union.
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in Sydney on suspicion of terrorism offences, police have said.
A 3D printer has been developed for the US space agency, the International Space Station.
Dogs have been shown to be effective at keeping seagulls away from beaches, a study suggests.
A red kite has been shot dead in Bedfordshire.
It's been a year since Jeremy Corbyn was elected leader of the Labour Party.
Police will be able to search crowds during the Champions League final in Cardiff, the Welsh government has said.
A Cambodian human rights activist has won a Nobel Peace Prize for his work against deforestation in the country.
Erik Eriksen's second-half equaliser gave Tottenham victory over Manchester City at Wembley.
More than one in five girls in the world will be married by 2030, according to a new report by the charity Save the Children.
Sunderland striker Beth Mead has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.
British author James Boyd has announced he is to write a new James Bond novel.
A 19-year-old man has been given a suspended jail sentence after being found guilty of sexual activity with a teenage girl.
One of the world's largest pumpkin seeds has been grown in Switzerland.
McLaren boss Jean-Claude Boullier says he does not believe his team can win the Formula 1 title this season.
David Cameron has defended his government's plans to offer free childcare to working parents.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has said Theresa May should do more to tackle extremism in Wales.
Wigan Athletic midfielder Ben Watson will miss the rest of the season with a broken leg.
As the Labour leadership contest draws to a close in London, it is easy to see why so many people have turned out to support Jeremy Corbyn.
Sale Sharks scrum-half Conor Murray has been ruled out of Saturday's European Champions Cup semi-final against Munster because of concussion.
A Holyrood MSP has called for a review of the way returning officers are paid.
Police are searching for a man who was found dead in a block of flats in Glasgow.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joanna Sen looks forward to the day when she can finally get her money back.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he will not be distracted by the transfer window as he continues to strengthen his squad.
A Northern Ireland minister has lost his executive powers over plans to build a new department store in Belfast, the High Court has heard.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in their first One-Day Cup match of the season.
Plans for a major flood protection scheme in Dumfries and Galloway have been approved by councillors.
A campaign has been launched to reduce the spread of bovine tuberculosis (B tuberculosis) in cattle.
A woman has completed the London Marathon for the first time.
A by-election is to be held in Northamptonshire after a report into the future of a hospital was published.
Former Kilmarnock owner Michael Johnston has stepped down as chairman of the club.
More than 1,000 people have attended a conference on tackling domestic violence in South Yorkshire.
Everton scored three first-half goals to beat Spanish side FC Barcelona and reach the quarter-finals of the Europa League.
Jockey Richard Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a fractured vertebrae.
Voters in Scotland have voted to elect a new prime minister.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has said he wants to remain as manager for the rest of the season.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has called on the health and social care board to investigate the disappearance of children in Northern Ireland.
Belgium's capital, Brussels, has reopened to the public for the first time since the Paris attacks.
The M4 motorway has been closed for more than two hours after a plane was forced to make an emergency landing.
Comedy series Breaking Bad is to return to the UK for the first time, BBC One has announced.
The Bank of England's chief economist, Paul Haldane, has warned that a rise in interest rates would send the UK's economy into recession.
Leicester Speedway has signed a new lease of life with the team for the 2017-18 season.
The US poverty rate has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, official figures show.
Work is under way to restore one of the world's oldest copper mines.
More than 1,000 girls have been sexually abused in Rotherham over the past five years, a charity has said.
England manager Sam Allardyce says he is determined to beat Slovakia to reach the 2018 World Cup quarter-finals.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl at Birmingham railway station.
The UK's defence secretary has said he has no problem with the idea of a European military headquarters.
The bodies of five people who died in a helicopter crash in Caerphilly county have been found.
The death of Mullah Mansour, the leader of the Afghan Taliban, has raised questions about the future of the country's peace process.
A new bike-sharing scheme in Oxfordshire has been given the go-ahead.
Colombia and the Farc rebel group say they have agreed to set up a UN body to oversee peace talks.
A court in California has ruled that a sample of a song by pop star Madonna can be copyrighted.
Plans to build a dual carriageway through Swansea have been given the go-ahead.
George VI's piano has been returned to Brighton's Royal Pavilion for the first time.
India's economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
Blackberry has unveiled a new smartphone that it says will not be able to run Google's Android operating system.
A prop from the Oscar-winning actor Sir Attenborough has gone up for sale at auction.
A man accused of murdering Keshav Singh Khokhar has told a court he is not a liar.
Labour would make it easier for people to work on zero-hours contracts, Ed Miliband has said.
Partick Thistle owner Jim Hutchison has completed his takeover of the club.
A reward of up to £10,000 has been offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of a former Blackpool police officer.
The number of regulated rail fares in England and Wales has risen by more than 10% in the past year, according to the RMT union.
Veterans with amputated limbs are to be treated at a specialist hospital in Surrey, Health Secretary Michael Fallon has announced.
Oxford University has commissioned a series of portraits of people with disabilities.
Derbyshire head coach Paul Wilson says his side will not miss out on reaching the semi-finals of the T20 Blast.
Great Britain's women's football team have been stripped of the right to compete at the Olympics.
Timbuktu has been named the best film of the year at the New York Film Festival.
One of Wales' most successful writers has won the Welsh Book of the Year award.
Leicestershire head coach Paul Flower says his side's three-match Twenty20 series win over Northamptonshire was a "massive success".
The world's largest collection of matchbox labels has been accumulating for more than a decade.
Thousands of people around the world are taking part in a new type of treatment called cupping.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he does not see any reason for the Bahrain Grand Prix to be cancelled.
Olivier Dockery and Michelle McTeer are to star in a new production of Les Liaisons at London's West End.
Mohamed Elneny has been named in Egypt's squad for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.
A new music festival has been announced for the Wicklow Festival in Dundee.
An inquest into the death of a man who was crushed to death in a house fire has been told it could have been a plane crash.
One of the world's best-known bakeries has made a special cake to celebrate JK Rowling's 90th birthday.
Venezuela's capital, Caracas, has been hit by looting and shortages of food, officials say.
A charity that helps homeless people in London has been accused of failing to pay more than £1m in rent.
Scotland head coach Gregor Laidlaw says his side are in a strong position to beat France in Saturday's Six Nations opener.
Same-sex couples in Australia are bracing themselves for a long wait to get married.
South Korea's parliament has been adjourned for 24 hours, the longest such filibuster in the country's history.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The Royal Mint has issued a series of commemorative coins to mark the Queen's 90th birthday.
Japan and South Korea have held talks for the first time since the end of the Korean War.
England defender Michael Carrick has been ruled out of the rest of the World Cup with a knee injury.
A coroner's inquest into the death of Alice Gross has been called off.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) is one of the world's most powerful Islamist groups.
A Scottish MP has spoken of her frustration at not being able to find a toy rabbit at Westminster.
A US woman has been ordered to hand over her iPhone to the US government.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side have a "massive opportunity" to reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
Aberdeen have signed midfielder Graeme Shinnie on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
Anthony McDonnell will defend his IBF world welterweight title against Jorge Rosas in London on Saturday.
The governor of the Bank of England has said he wants to stay in the job for another eight years.
An independent review of the way terminally ill patients are treated in Scotland is to be carried out.
Three men have gone on trial accused of murdering a man they met online.
Russian hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty of hacking into credit card companies in the US.
A cat has been stabbed to death in a "brutal" attack in Peterborough.
One of New Zealand's most famous birds, Lanky, has died at a zoo in Wellington.
A-level A-level results have been published in England for the first time in more than a decade.
All children at a Neath nursery are at risk of contracting the measles, health officials have said.
Bulgaria's President Aleksandar Ivanov has vowed to "put a knife in the throat" of the country's political elite.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have joined forces to mark the centenary of the Battle of Waterloo.
Two Russian men tried to kill ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko, a court has heard.
Chancellor Philip Hammond has said he is "disappointed" the government has not announced more funding for grammar schools in England.
Pupils in Denbighshire are being denied free school meals because of the use of cashless systems, a senior AM has said.
Scientists say they have discovered a way to stop the spread of HIV.
A police investigation is under way into the attempted murder of a man who had his fingers severed.
The Ivorian capital, Ouagadougou, is one of the world's fastest growing economies.
National League side Dover Athletic have signed former Eastleigh midfielder Emmanuel N'Gala for an undisclosed fee.
Dundee United manager Paul Hartley says Kane Hemmings is one of the best players in the Championship.
A campaign to raise money for the Royal British Legion has been launched to highlight the importance of Remembrance Day.
Substitute Brian Graham scored a hat-trick as Ross County reached the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
The sequel to The Legend of the Sword has topped the North American box office for the first time.
Tony Award-winning actor Lloyd Webber has said he is "disappointed" that the West End is struggling to produce new musicals.
A man and his wife are working together to create a mobile app that could be used to alert people to emergency situations.
Glamorgan all-rounder Liam Miller hit a century as his side beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup.
It's been a year of highs and lows.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Bridgend.
Two French men have been killed in a mass shooting at a satirical magazine in Paris.
The Duke of Edinburgh is one of the UK's longest serving monarchs.
Residents of a block of flats in Shoreham have said they were shocked by the decision to demolish them.
A man has told a court he was shot in the head during a burglary at a house in Cheltenham.
Taylor Swift's latest album, Love, has been removed from music streaming service Spotify.
Ferrari driver Jenson Button says he does not believe Formula 1's new Monaco Grand Prix will be as good as it has been.
Thousands of people have taken to the streets of India's capital, Delhi, to protest against the government's anti-corruption policy.
The number of people caught up in organised crime in Scotland has reached a record high, according to police.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year is to be held in Belfast next year.
Former Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong has said he would never commit a doping offence again.
Wales head coach Chris Coleman says his side's Euro 2016 qualifying campaign is "not over".
Michael McGuinness is one of the world's fastest motorcyclists.
Sussex batsman James Wells says he is on the verge of becoming a top-class batsman for the first time in his career.
A giant stone believed to have been carved into the side of a church has been removed from a road.
A woman has launched a crowdfunding campaign to buy a new home for a man who was attacked in Newcastle last year.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has agreed to pay £1.5bn (£1.2bn) in bonuses to its top executives over the past five years.
An 18th Century painting of a Welsh aristocrat has been given the go-ahead by the National Trust.
Tens of thousands of pounds of funding could be cut to bus services in Wales over the next five years, the BBC has learned.
The High Court in South Africa's capital, Pretoria, has welcomed the ruling of the Supreme Court of Appeal.
Turkish police officers have been allowed to wear a headscarf for the first time in the country's history.
Four UK universities have been awarded master's degrees in cyber security by GCHQ.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house in Norwich.
Violent clashes have erupted in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between Shia and Sunni Muslims.
The family of a man who was attacked at a mental health unit in Gloucestershire have said they are "devastated" by the abuse.
Hibernian have completed the signing of Israeli-born defender Marwan Marciano for an undisclosed fee.
Former Boston Bruins captain Gordie Howe has died at the age of 83.
The UK's largest non-governmental organisation, the National Audit Office (NAO), has raised more than £20m in funding since 2011, a report has found.
A former member of the West Midlands gang who was jailed for a string of armed robberies in the 1980s has said he has no money to pay his legal bills.
Plans for an EU referendum in Wales have been put on hold.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough beat Rotherham to reach the third round of the EFL Cup.
Formula 1 world champion Jules Bianchi has told the BBC he has no idea how long he will remain in a coma.
Law firm Axiom has announced plans to create 100 new jobs in Belfast.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a phone scam.
Michael Farley won the Ulster Grand Prix for the second year in a row as he finished third in the men's Superbike class.
UK retail sales fell by 0.5% in April compared with the previous month, according to official figures.
The Gambia has announced it will withdraw from the Commonwealth of Nations.
A former mental health worker has been found guilty of failing to care for mentally ill people.
UK Prime Minister Philip Hammond has said the UK should begin the process of leaving the European Union.
The US government has banned the use of mobile phones in urban areas.
Cuba's President Pierre Nkurunziza has said he will not face opposition candidates in the presidential election.
A dog that was banned from the streets of Belfast for more than a year has been allowed to return home.
Everton have agreed a deal to sign Everton defender John Stones for an undisclosed fee.
Gusts of up to 40mph (65km/h) have hit parts of Northern Ireland.
A 16-year-old girl has died after being hit by a lorry.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two people were killed in a crash.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend has told a court he had no idea she was going to kill herself.
Bristol City manager Paul Johnson praised his players after they beat Bristol City to move up to third in the Championship.
Uefa has introduced a new system of match-fixing in the Copa del Rey.
A 92-year-old woman who sold poppies for more than 100 years has been honoured by the Royal British Legion.
A woman has told a court she thought she was being raped by her ex-boyfriend Robert Howard.
Greece's Finance Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he is "very satisfied" with the country's bailout deal.
Millions of people across the UK are voting in the general election.
Worcestershire have been asked to relocate one of their Test matches to a different venue.
A Henry Moore sculpture has been put on display at Tower Hamlets for the first time.
A Londonderry man has pleaded not guilty to driving without a licence.
A US science pageant contestant has said she wants to see more women working in the healthcare sector.
YouTube is trying to stop people selling fake videos on the site.
China says it has no plans to burn down its space laboratory, which has been in orbit for more than a decade.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at some of the key challenges facing the continent.
David Cameron's father, Ian, has died at the age of 72, Downing Street has confirmed.
The last rebel-held part of the Syrian city of Homs has been evacuated, the government says.
Saracens head coach Paul McCall says his side are ready to challenge for the European Champions Cup.
Comedian Dick Bird has said he is "devastated" at the removal of a statue of Dickie Bird.
The average household in the UK could lose £10,000 a year if the UK voted to leave the European Union, according to the Vote Leave campaign.
Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes has signed a new one-year contract with the Premier League club.
A Brazilian school has won the Rio de Janeiro carnival for the first time.
A Welsh businesswoman has criticised the government's decision to cut subsidies for renewable energy.
The price of petrol and diesel has fallen for the first time in more than a decade, the RAC has said.
Northern Ireland's men's 100m hurdles team have been relegated to the European Super League for the first time.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has said young people should vote for the UK to remain in the European Union.
Victims of child sexual exploitation in England and Wales will have the right to review decisions made by police, the Labour Party has said.
He grew up in a family of potato farmers in Herefordshire in the 1980s and 1990s.
The Syrian government says it has seized more than 1,000 tonnes of chemical weapons from rebel-held areas of Aleppo.
A six-year-old girl drowned in a swimming pool, an inquest has heard.
Worcestershire's Mitch Mitchell and Brett D'Oliveira shared 10,000 runs on the first day of the County Championship match against Derbyshire.
India's government's decision to scrap high denomination banknotes has been described as a "disaster" by a leading economist.
Oxford United reached the League Two play-off quarter-finals for the first time with victory over Bradford.
Plans for a mixed-income housing development have been rejected by a village council.
Wales captain Warren Gatland says he would be happy if his side beat Australia to reach the semi-finals of the Rugby World Cup.
British actor Tom Hiddleston has denied rumours that he had sex with actress Taylor Swift.
A High Court judge has called on the Northern Ireland government to take legal action in relation to legacy inquests.
Nottinghamshire beat Surrey by eight wickets in the first one-day international at Chester-le-Street.
Two former London Post journalists have spoken of their shock at the closure of Fleet Street.
A plastic surgery surgery in Christchurch has been rated "good" by a health watchdog.
Singapore's largest university, SMU, has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than a decade.
Bayern Munich kept alive their hopes of reaching the Champions League quarter-finals with a 2-1 victory over Stuttgart.
Defending champion Danny Willett shot a four-under-par 65 to move into a tie for the lead at the US PGA Championship.
A bid to cut mental health waiting times has been launched in Berkshire.
A new air ambulance service is to be launched in mid Wales, the health secretary has said.
The family of a woman jailed for trying to overthrow the Iranian government say they are "devastated" by her appeal.
Former world number one Lee Westwood says he is relishing the prospect of playing at Troon for the first time.
Championship side Arsenal Ladies have signed former England defender Alex White on a two-year contract.
Great Britain's badminton team has had its funding cut by more than a quarter of a million pounds, BBC Sport has learned.
A new pair of penguin chicks have been born at Bristol Zoo.
A man has died following a fire at a house in County Londonderry.
A man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a German doctor by careless driving.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by the prospect of a vote on whether to repeal the Dodd-Frank Act.
Blackburn Rovers have signed midfielder Alex Allop on a season-long loan deal and left-back Ryan Cooke on a permanent deal.
Match reports from the Scottish Premiership, Scottish Premiership and Scottish Championship.
Thousands of people have taken part in Armed Forces Day celebrations.
A Scottish man has broken the world record for the longest-cooked egg.
A doctor who stole more than £10,000 from a Lincolnshire GP surgery has been jailed for five years.
Charlton Athletic have appointed former Charlton Athletic boss Jose Riga as their new manager.
Gregor Hardie has never been afraid of the dark.
Tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of the Indonesian capital, Jakarta, to express their anger at the recent attacks.
More than 1,000 jobs are to be created at Kilmarnock-based metal fabrication company Hutchinson.
An Indian tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a luxury hotel for the first time.
Conor McGregor says he does not want to fight Floyd Mayweather because of the size of his gloves.
Plans for a new allotment in Surrey have been approved by a council.
Northern Ireland's men's hockey team have been named in the squad for this summer's European Championship.
BayBay TV has been put up for sale.
Togo's former coach Big Boss Keshi has died at the age of 83.
Two police officers have been arrested after a woman was robbed at knifepoint in Limavady.
A man has been stabbed to death in Salford.
Russia says it has found no evidence that a suicide bomber carried out a bomb attack on a Russian airliner in the Sinai peninsula.
Real Madrid have signed Spain striker Mariano Morata for an undisclosed fee.
Security flaws in a pair of smart watches have been discovered by security experts.
Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba has been found guilty of rape by the International Criminal Court (ICC).
Malala Yousafzai is one of the most famous girls in the world.
Chelsea fans have taken to the streets to celebrate winning the Premier League title.
Nico Rosberg held off Mercedes team-mate Max Verstappen to win the Mexican Grand Prix.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
Seachill is one of the UK's biggest supermarket chains.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been arrested at a protest in St Petersburg, police say.
UK property firm Hays has said it is "very concerned" about the impact of the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Samsung has announced that it will remove ad-blockers from its smartphones.
US consumer confidence has fallen for the second month in a row, according to a closely-watched survey.
Two brothers who were sentenced to life in prison for sexually abusing children have been granted anonymity.
Six people have been arrested as part of an investigation into abuse at England's Euro 2016 matches.
Workers in Ceredigion are being urged to take part in a scheme to encourage people to walk more.
Three men have been charged in connection with a series of burglaries in Oxford.
Derby defender Jacob Butterfield and midfielder Jacob Olsson have been ruled out for the rest of the season with injuries.
Kyle Edmund says he is looking forward to playing for Great Britain in their Davis Cup tie against Serbia on Friday.
Wigan Warriors winger Sam Tomkins says he would love to play for the Super League club again.
Wigan reached the Super League quarter-finals for the first time with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils.
A teacher who was subjected to sexual abuse at a Catholic school in Northern Ireland has said she is "devastated" by the abuse.
Scientists say they have found a way to map the properties of sandstone.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for high winds in parts of Scotland.
The use of whole brain radiotherapy to treat brain cancer has been shown to be ineffective, a study suggests.
Chelsea striker Victor Kante has been named the Premier League's player of the season for the second year in a row.
Glasgow's Ricky Taylor says he is ready to defend his IBF super-middleweight title against Ricky Burns.
Dundee United have signed St Johnstone defender Stevie May for an undisclosed fee.
Saudi security forces have fired tear gas at Shia protesters in the western province of Qatif, activists say.
Turkish-backed rebels have launched a fierce offensive against Islamic State (IS) militants in the northern Syrian city of Jarablus.
Scottish Labour MSP Kezia Dugdale has said she will continue to fight for the party's leadership.
A woman has discovered a gold coin hidden in the middle of a street in Lincolnshire.
An inquest into the death of a soldier who was shot in the head at Deepcut barracks has been postponed.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a walk to mark the death of a 13-year-old girl.
A new helicopter search and rescue helicopter has arrived at a new base in south Wales, the Ministry of Defence has announced.
Sport Ireland has said it is "deeply divided" over the future of the World Boxing Association (WBA).
The daughter of a British aid worker who was killed by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has said she wants her father to be remembered.
Worcestershire's James Trott hit a century as Warwickshire beat Essex by eight wickets to reach the third round of the T20 Blast.
The Haitian parliament has voted to elect President Michel Privert as interim president.
Egyptian investigators say they have found the cockpit voice recorder of a plane that crashed in Egypt last year.
The UK is committed to tackling terrorism, the prime minister has said.
The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of the introduction of unfair dismissal fees in England and Wales.
Iranian football fans have reacted angrily to the arrest of a woman for wearing a "loose hijab".
Laura Vonn has extended her lead at the top of the World Mountain Slalom rankings with victory in the final race of the season.
The London Fire Brigade (LFB) has issued a safety warning after two hoverboards caught fire in London.
England, Scotland and Hong Kong will begin their preparations for the 2017 Women's World Twenty20.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Tottenham at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One.
A hotelier has been fined £10,000 after falling from a balcony.
When Sir Vince Cable first took over as Chancellor of the Exchequer, he said he had no idea what he was talking about.
Plans to close a Derbyshire swimming pool have been approved.
A man who was jailed for nine years for murdering a man in north Belfast has been released from prison.
Diageo, the world's biggest spirits maker, has reported a sharp fall in sales in the first three months of the year.
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the UK to return to the Chagos Islands.
Actress Ben Affleck says he is "very happy" to be in the lead role in the new James Bond film Casey Affleck.
Somalia's coastguard says it has freed the crew of a tanker seized by pirates off the coast of the north-eastern region of Puntland.
The parents of a Muslim girl who was taken into care by a Muslim foster agency in London have said they are "disappointed" by the decision.
A memorial to the victims of Bloody Bloody Sunday has been destroyed in a fire at a museum in Glenavon, County Down.
Drivers who refuse to cross a busy road have been warned they face fines of up to £1,000.
BMW has reported better-than-expected profits for the first half of the year.
Being optimistic about the future is a good thing, according to a new study.
Durham and Teesside Airport has announced plans to fly a series of low-cost flights to and from the UK.
A Florida man has been charged with carrying out a mass shooting at a US airport.
The US economy has slowed to its slowest pace since 2009, according to official figures.
Scientists say they have discovered the world's largest reservoir of ground water.
Charlton Athletic moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Charlton Athletic.
Glasgow Warriors have signed scrum-half Sam Rae and prop Matt Rae on two-year contracts.
Ireland fly-half Conor Sexton has been ruled out of the rest of the tour of South Africa with a knee injury.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales, the Met Office has warned.
This year's Wimbledon Championships will be held in London for the first time.
A bus has caught fire in the Scottish Borders.
Northern Ireland's cities are most likely to suffer from a "hard" Brexit, according to a new study.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from a seaside resort in northern Italy after a huge fire broke out.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been sworn in.
Ivory Coast's former president has been re-elected for a second term.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Iain Aggarra looks at how technology is changing the way we organise events.
Ospreys secured their first win of the 2017-18 season with a hard-fought victory over Dragons.
In our series of letters from African journalists, writer and columnist Sushma Swaraj looks at some of India's favourite brands.
US carmaker General Motors has said it will stop making cars in India, India and South Africa.
Hibernian have signed Hibernian defender Scott Graham on a season-long loan deal.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says striker Vincent Zohore is "one of the best players in the world".
A soldier who was stabbed to death by a fellow soldier has been found not guilty of murder.
Prince Charles and his wife Camilla have visited a shop in Brixton.
Hundreds of humpback whales have been stranded on a New Zealand beach for more than a week.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the 2018 World Cup quarter-finals are in doubt, according to head coach Derek McGhee.
Surrey beat Warwickshire by eight wickets in the first one-day international at Headingley.
Three teenagers arrested in Turkey last year have been released on bail.
A north Wales police force has been rated as the best in the UK for tackling crime.
Birmingham could be the first city in England to be taken over by a religious extremist group, the BBC understands.
Turkish side Galatasaray have signed former Olympiakos midfielder Andrei Belhando for an undisclosed fee.
A man who was found guilty of threatening to blow up a Robin Hood airport has appealed against his conviction.
What do you do if you don't have a boss?
A flight from Ibiza to London was forced to make an emergency landing after smoke seeped into the cabin, an investigation has found.
Liam Livingstone has been named in England's squad for the three-match one-day series against South Africa.
A specialist ophthalmic surgery unit at a Surrey hospital has been shut down.
Four men accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks on asylum seekers in Germany have pleaded not guilty to terrorism charges.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats has called for unity in the party after the EU referendum result.
A Libyan man has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the Lockerbie bombing.
Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed more than 1,000 ancient Assyrian statues in Iraq, state media report.
One of the UK's worst floods has been recorded in Lancashire.
TalkTalk has reported a drop in profits for the first three months of the year.
The UK's biggest brewer, Heineken, has been given the go-ahead to sell two pubs in the Republic of Ireland.
Sir Ian Wood has opened a new £1m research centre in the North Sea.
Sunderland striker Saido Berahino has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury.
Two men have been sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of drugs offences.
Schools across England are being asked to set up their own website for News Day.
A Bronze Age hill fort in Caerau, north Wales, has been uncovered for the first time.
A gun has been fired at a police car in County Londonderry, police have said.
Thousands of people have marched through London to protest against the closure of Kids Company.
Mozambique's main opposition candidate has been elected to the country's parliament.
Bristol City Council has ended a £1m scheme to subsidise a private bus service, the BBC has learned.
Millions of people could lose their benefits under changes to the UK's child benefit system, say campaigners.
Scotland needs to do more to tackle skills gaps, according to a new report.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in a series of attacks on US embassies.
Blackburn Rovers have signed striker Kadeem Harris on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee.
The decision by French energy firm EDF to delay the construction of a new nuclear power station at Flamanville in France has been hailed as a victory for the UK.
The death of a Glamorgan batsman has been confirmed as that of a former player.
The death of the leader of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group, Sheikh Anwar al-Awlaki, is the latest blow to the global jihadist movement.
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have signed former Cardiff City defender Michael Parkinson on a season-long loan deal.
Liam Williams scored twice as Doncaster Rovers came from behind to beat Rochdale.
Nottingham Forest chairman Paul Collymore has withdrawn from the club's Supporters' Trust.
Widnes Widnes have apologised for playing on a frozen pitch during their Super League match against Wakefield.
Planning permission has been granted for a £1bn redevelopment of a Somerset town centre.
Sinn Féin have signed Connacht scrum-half Dominic Roberts-McCoy on a two-year deal.
A former Liverpool FC player has been found guilty of fraud.
More than half of offenders in England and Wales fail to complete unpaid work, a report has found.
Sam Warburton has been named in the British and Irish Lions squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Adele's latest single, Adele, has topped the UK album chart for the first time.
Police searching for a man who went missing more than a year ago have found a number of items of clothing.
Talks are under way to resolve a dispute between Durham Council and teaching union Unison.
Plaid Cymru leader Kirsty Wood has said she hopes the Welsh Greens will be able to form a government after the general election.
Norwegian scientists are continuing to investigate the extent of the melting of the Arctic sea ice.
A Muslim man has said he has been threatened with acid in the streets of Walsall.
Cornwall reached the semi-finals of the County Championship for the second year in a row.
A virtual reality version of Alice in Wonderland has been launched in Llandudno.
A bus has been involved in a collision with a lorry in Oxford.
Campaigners in Worcestershire have called for an independent review of plans for a new dual carriageway.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says Michel Platini has been banned from football for life after being found guilty of corruption.
Archaeologists have discovered what they believe to be the world's largest megalithic monument.
A woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln.
Belfast Devils head coach Paul Bownson says he would like to see his team back in the Elite League.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of narcolepsy has been awarded more than £1m in NHS funding.
The body of one of five men who drowned at Cambridgeshire beach is to be used for the weekend.
Police are investigating reports of people dressed as clowns in Gwynedd.
A former student of Boston College has lodged a legal challenge to the PSNI's refusal to release recordings of him.
Cardiff City striker Efele Manga has been diagnosed with malaria.
Wolves extended their lead at the top of the Championship to seven points with victory over Cambridge United.
For more than a decade, Nigel Gill has been the leader of UKIP in Wales.
A father-of-two who died in a crash on a dual carriageway in County Tyrone has been named.
The number of wild bees in the UK has fallen to its lowest level since records began, according to a wildlife charity.
As the UK prepares to launch its first air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, Jeremy Corbyn says he is ready to take action.
At least 19 people have been killed in a shooting at a gay bar in Tel Aviv, police say.
Sony has announced that it will no longer sell e-books in the UK and Ireland.
Israel says it will remove metal detectors from the entrance to the holy site of the Old City of Jerusalem.
More than £1m has been pledged to protect vulnerable areas of Wales from flooding and coastal erosion over the next five years.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says his side have a "strong squad" to fight for the Premier League title.
A dog has been released from a care home after being attacked by a dog.
A robot called Eugene has won the world's first Turing test.
Four Scottish swimmers have been selected to represent Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
Olympic judo champion Alassane Sasson has apologised after he refused to shake the hand of Egypt's Abdelhamid el-Shehoudi.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle came from behind to beat Hamilton Academical.
South Africa is one of the world's largest economies, with more than 1.5 million people living in the country.
Scientists in Japan have developed a way to detect the brain of people with Alzheimer's disease.
Johanna Konta says she is confident she can win her first Wimbledon title.
The rollout of the UK's first smart meters has been delayed by more than a year.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has rejected a proposal to cut parking fines in Northern Ireland.
A Conservative activist has told the BBC he was bullied by a senior party figure for more than a decade.
A fishing boat has had to be towed off the coast of Holyhead after a pump failed.
Sinn Féin reached the semi-finals of the All-Ireland Hurling Championships with a 3-1 victory over St John's.
Two new cameras have been installed on the International Space Station (ISS).
One of India's most successful students has taken part in the A-level exams for the first time.
The lifejacket of a fishing boat that capsized off the coast of Scotland has been found to be inadequate, a report has found.
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered some of the most important archaeological sites in the world.
A body has been found at a house in Greater Manchester.
The final episode of BBC One's Bridesmaids has been voted the most-watched TV show of 2012.
Last week, Apple unveiled its new $1,000 (£1,500) Apple Watch.
A Scottish sea salt company has been bought by Sainsbury's for £1.5m.
The Local Government Association (LGA) has published a list of the most common phone calls it receives.
A painting of the Queen's coronation has been stolen from a Durham castle.
Plans for a McDonald's fast food restaurant in a County Down town have been rejected.
A mental health officer has written to the chief constable saying he is concerned about the number of mental health patients being detained at A&E.
World number one Tiger Woods says he will not play again until the end of the season.
A former Leeds United and Leeds United striker is hoping to become the first Welshman to win a European Cup final.
One of the world's biggest video game companies, Take-Two Interactive, has announced plans to create a new e-sports league.
Prime Minister Theresa May has denied that a Trident ballistic missile was fired in the wrong direction.
It has been a year since Andy Murray became the first man to become the world's number one tennis player.
Manchester City striker Scott Sinclair has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club.
Britain's Chris Froome has won the Tour de France for the third year in a row.
Pop star Elvis Presley has died at the age of 83.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower, dragged down by shares in supermarket chain Ocado.
A World War Two aircraft that was due to take part in a Bournemouth air show has been repaired.
A man has appeared in court charged with raping a 13-year-old girl.
The number of homeless people in London has more than doubled since the Grenfell Tower fire, new figures show.
Tottenham boss Antonio Conte says the club's summer transfer window will be "a disaster" for the club.
If you want to see a rock band perform in London, you might have to pay more than the ticket price.
Microsoft has announced a series of new games for its Xbox One console.
Hundreds of people have taken to social media to pay their respects to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire.
The Home Office has called on Theresa May to ban two prominent anti-Islam activists from entering the UK.
US President Barack Obama has said he is "deeply disappointed" by Donald Trump's election victory.
A train carrying more than 1,000 people has derailed in the western Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, police say.
Glamorgan's T20 Blast matches will be played in rain-affected conditions for the first time in four years.
Former reality TV star Katie Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving.
An inquest into the deaths of two women who died at a nightclub in Northamptonshire has heard screams of "horrific horror".
A woman and her two-year-old child have been raped and sexually assaulted in a car.
Former world number one Michael Higgins suffered a serious head injury as he lost to world number two Mark Higgins in the first round of the World Championship.
A terminally-ill woman who was diagnosed with brain tumour has died.
(Close): Wall Street closed lower on Friday as investors digested the latest results from the European Central Bank (ECB).
A huge sinkhole has opened up in Uruguay's capital, Buenos Aires.
Brentford came from behind to beat Cardiff City and maintain their unbeaten start to the season.
The president of the International Ski Federation (IFF) has apologised for making a reference to the Holocaust.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of posing nude at Peru's highest mountain, Machu Picchu.
At least 20 tonnes of hazardous chemicals have been found in a warehouse in the Chinese city of Tianjin, state media report.
The number of unqualified teachers in schools in Wales has more than doubled since 2010, a union has said.
A 19-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows in Edinburgh.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will not stand for re-election.
Human DNA has been sequenced for the first time in more than 100,000 years.
The owner of a seaside shop criticised for its links to so-called Islamic State has said she is considering changing its name.
A former pupil at Gordonstoun School has told the BBC she has been sexually assaulted at the school.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would support renationalisation of British rail.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was groomed by a former teacher has spoken of how she was "devastated" by the ordeal.
Borussia Dortmund have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Christian Eriksen for an undisclosed fee.
China's economy grew at a faster rate than expected in the first three months of the year, official figures show.
Nigeria's former national team coach Emmanuel Oliseh says he is ready to take on the challenge of playing in the Premier League.
All pictures are copyrighted.
One of the world's most advanced aircraft has been moved to a new airfield.
A husband and wife have been killed in a fall in Morocco, the Foreign Office has confirmed.
The world's largest balls of ice have been created in the Arctic.
Guernsey will have to pay £10,000 to play in the Women's FA Cup for the first time.
Comic book author Lee Lee is to direct a film based on the Marvel comic books.
A cyber security conference has been held in Caerphilly county.
More than 1,000 dogs have been rescued from a burning church in Greater Manchester.
The number of athletes who have tested positive for banned substances has reached a record high, according to a new study.
England all-rounder Ben Vince has signed a new three-year contract with the Indian Premier League club.
A Scottish musician has discovered the grave of his great great grandfather, who is believed to have been a lion tamer.
The Flying Scotsman has been restored to its original glory for the first time.
Saracens scrum-half Nick Tompkins has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club.
Thor: Ragnarok director Chris Hemsworth has revealed the name of his latest film, Avengers: Age of Ultron.
In our series of letters from African journalists, novelist and writer Adaobi explores the challenges facing the indigenous people of Guyana.
A snake believed to be a green mamba has been seized by the Scottish SPCA.
A British man has pleaded guilty to a child sex trafficking charge.
China has become the first country in the world to offer live television coverage of major sporting events.
At least eight people have died after being trapped in a refrigerated trailer at a Walmart in San Antonio, Texas.
A police officer who was stabbed to death in Buckingham Palace has been awarded the Freedom of the City of London.
The UK's biggest bottler of sugary soft drinks, AG Barr, has reported a rise in profits for the first half of the year.
A 17-year-old boy has been shot dead in the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, police say.
Pop star Madonna has been criticised for using the phrase "rebelheart" to describe Princess Diana.
Wigan Athletic suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by Wigan Athletic.
Gwen Stefani has revealed that she is writing songs for a new album.
Apple has announced a new policy that allows its employees to freeze their eggs for fertility treatment.
Former world heavyweight champion Michael Shavers says he would not have been able to beat Wladimir Klitschko if he had been in boxing.
Members of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee have voted against a rise in interest rates.
The Chicago Cubs have won the World Series for the fourth time in five years.
The Queen's Speech has been unveiled as part of the government's Brexit strategy.
The RSPCA should be a "high-profile and prolific" prosecuting body, a former MP has said.
Google has released a new version of its Street View app for the International Space Station (ISS).
Thousands of people have taken part in a sea-swimming event in a seaside seaside town.
Aberdeen Asset Management (AIA) has appointed Mark Tucker as its new chief executive.
The United States will continue to uphold its commitments to the Paris climate agreement despite the US withdrawal from the agreement, the UN climate change chief Michael Pershing has said.
Swansea City reached the second round of the Women's Super League with a 2-1 victory over Richmond Rovers.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after he failed to get out of a nightclub.
The government is set to publish a draft plan to tackle air pollution in parts of the UK.
Plans for a memorial to a police officer shot dead outside Parliament have been given the go-ahead.
Tommy Forsyth scored twice as Crusaders beat Linfield to reach the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
Scotland's railways are to recruit more than 1,000 train drivers over the next five years.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has denied any wrongdoing in the investigation into the state-owned investment fund, the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Mae Cymru wedi cael yn cael ei gael yn ddydd yn yn ôl ei ddyd yn ei bod yn mewn yng Nghaerdydd.
German authorities are investigating claims that fake fathers are trying to get asylum seekers out of the country.
PwC has warned that UK firms could face fines of up to £1m if they fail to comply with EU data protection rules.
The Shroud of Turin is to be displayed for the first time in the Italian capital, Turin.
The Welsh health secretary has said he has no plans to charge patients who travel to other countries for treatment.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said that his country has tested a hydrogen bomb.
A jury has returned to Belfast's Old Bailey for a second day of its trial over child sex abuse charges.
The Scottish government has been forced to halt a consultation on the Named Person scheme after the Supreme Court ruled it unlawful.
Nottingham Forest have signed defender Jack Brown on loan until the end of the season.
More than 1,000 children in Scotland are being asked to take part in a study into the health of their families.
In the French city of Aubervilliers, one of the poorest areas of the country, David has been targeted by a group of ethnic Chinese men.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Friday, boosted by the US Federal Reserve's decision to raise interest rates.
German car maker Daimler has warned that sales of its vehicles in China and other emerging markets will continue to fall.
Iran's President Hassan al-Bashir has called on the Syrian government to take responsibility for the deaths of civilians.
Nintendo has reported a lower-than-expected profit for the first three months of the year.
Burton Albion moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with victory over Huddersfield.
The word "petrel" has been painted on a road in south Wales for the first time in more than a decade.
The body of a British Muslim man who was kidnapped and murdered in Afghanistan has been found in his car, an inquest has heard.
Former Wimbledon champion Martina Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis.
Plans for a wind farm in Powys have been given the go-ahead by a High Court judge.
A court in the Chinese city of Hangzhou has opened to the public for the first time.
Shares in Samsung Electronics have fallen more than 5% after the company agreed to merge with Chinese conglomerate CTE.
A medieval statue of a Greek god has been put up for sale in Northamptonshire.
Lancashire will begin the 2017-18 season with a three-match one-day series against Warwickshire at Headingley.
A gambler who dumped his body in a suitcase has been found dead, a court has heard.
Former Liberal Democrat MP Peter Reckless is to leave the party and join the Conservative Party.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has announced he will stand for re-election.
Rangers maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Queen of the South.
Uganda has agreed to withdraw its army from South Sudan by the end of the year.
Air ambulance charities in England and Wales are to receive more than £1m from the government over the next five years.
Two brothers from Exeter have broken the world record for the fastest solo yacht.
Brighton and Hove Albion midfielder Jack Sidwell has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.
A Welsh health board has called for a £10m cancer fund to be set up in Wales.
Forest Green Rovers were held to a draw by Grimsby Town in the National League play-off semi-final.
A 3D model of the world has gone on display in Vienna for the first time.
Hillary Clinton's husband, Bill Clinton, has been accused of being a "sexual predator" for decades.
Plans for bus lanes in Belfast have been drawn up by Transport for London (TfL) chief executive Steve Hazzard.
In the wake of Donald Trump's election as US president, there has been a growing sense of unease about the UK's relationship with the US.
Formula 1's governing body has rejected a proposal to re-introduce the 2015 format.
British snooker player Mark Perry beat American Mark Bingham in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the World Snooker Championship.
Ukrainian state TV has been criticised for its coverage of pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.
Leicestershire all-rounder Ed Barnard took four wickets as Worcestershire took control on day two of their One-Day Cup match at Chester-le-Street.
An anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow to mark the 20th anniversary of the death of Ahmad Shah.
Swedish music streaming service Spotify has launched a new version of its app.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he needs to improve the quality of his goalkeeper Alexandre Mignolet.
A 16-year-old girl has captured the moment David Cameron ate a baguette of crisps.
A veteran of the Falklands War has written a series of children's books about the horrors of the conflict.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Johnson-Thompson set a new personal best in the women's 4x400m relay at the European Championships.
In our series of letters from African journalists, we look at the challenges facing politicians in the United States and Mexico.
Swansea City have signed Southampton striker Alex Redmond for an undisclosed fee.
UKIP has said it is "disappointed" that a UKIP AM has not been allowed to run for the party's leadership.
A plane that crashed in the Australian state of Victoria has been found to be safe, the airline has said.
A Dutch man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murders of three German Jews during World War Two.
The sister of a Palestinian woman who died in a firebombing in Duma, West Bank, has been named.
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in as the new president of the country.
More than half of people in the UK say they want to repay their debts, a bank has said.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked at a house in Inverness.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says striker Harry Kane is not for sale.
Scotland's largest arts venue, the Arches, has been forced to close.
Luxury mining company Lonmin has raised $2.2bn (Â£1.3bn) in a rights issue.
The mother of a British man who went missing from a Costa coffee shop in Poland has appealed for help to find him.
Championship side Bristol Rovers have signed former Cardiff Blues scrum-half Michael O'Driscoll on a two-year deal.
Work is under way to improve the safety of a railway station.
Torquay United maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over North Ferriby.
A petition calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union has received more than 100,000 signatures.
A man who murdered a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for a minimum of 23 years.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the election of a former mayor of London.
The Roald Dahl Prize for funniest books has been awarded for the first time.
Somalia's former prime minister has been shot dead by gunmen in the capital Mogadishu, officials say.
Huddersfield Town defender Joe Ward says he would like to stay at the club beyond the end of the season.
A man's body has been found at a park in Derbyshire, an inquest has heard.
All pictures are copyrighted.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences.
Canada has launched a national inquiry into violence against indigenous women and girls.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been released from the US military prison in Kuwait.
Patients who have undergone breast implants will be able to share their details with NHS Digital, the NHS has announced.
A self-balancing robot has been caught on camera in a Silicon Valley shopping centre.
A 15-year-old girl has been raped at a house in Bristol, police have said.
"I want to be a video game developer."
Britain's Bob Jungels retained his overall lead at the Vuelta a Espana after finishing second in the final stage.
The pound has fallen to a record low against the dollar since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The trial of a Dublin man accused of inciting violence in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, has been adjourned.
Telecoms firm TalkTalk has said it is investigating a phone scam in which customers have been left voiceless.
A woman who claims she was raped by her ex-boyfriend has called for a ban on cross-examination of rape victims.
Former Rangers youth coach Paul Durrant has left the club.
Women's Super League One champions Arsenal will face Nottingham Forest in the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Cornish Pirates head coach Paul Churcher says his side's performance against Chinnock was the best in the club's history.
It's been an incredible year for me as a coach.
UKIP has announced the name of its new leader for the party's general election.
British number one Johanna Konta has been drawn in the first round of the Nottingham Open.
A painting by Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh has been put up for sale online for the first time.
A new exhibition celebrating the birth of a female Nubian giraffe has opened at Windsor Castle.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has given the go-ahead for a robot to be launched from the International Space Station in 2020.
Katie, who has a rare form of epilepsy, has been taking part in a marathon for the first time.
Liam Davies took four wickets as Yorkshire beat Nottinghamshire by eight wickets to reach the semi-finals of the One-Day Cup.
Paris Central railway station has been evacuated after a suspected bomb was found on a train.
Scientists in Japan say they have developed a technique that allows them to map the spread of cancer.
Tens of thousands of people have been forced to flee their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai, officials say.
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are battling for the Democratic nomination for the party's presidential nomination.
At least 17 people have been killed in clashes between Nigerian security forces and Islamist militants in north-eastern Borno state, a local MP has said.
It's been a busy week in the House of Commons.
The design for a new high-rise in South Korea's capital, Seoul, has been criticised for being "too old-fashioned".
Jess Ennis-Jess is one of the world's most successful athletes.
Microsoft has teamed up with other tech companies to build a subsea cable across the Atlantic Ocean.
The Duchess of Cambridge has returned to Sandringham after missing a church service due to a cold.
The son of former US National Security Agency (NSA) leaker Edward Snowden has been granted a visa to return to Russia.
Scientists in California say they have developed a device that can be placed in the body of a rabbit.
Salford Red Devils winger Sam Sneyney has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club.
A number of vehicles have been involved in crashes on the M74 in County Tyrone.
The Cuban government has said it will continue to support US President Donald Trump's efforts to ease the country's trade embargo.
The number of cases of measles in Wales has reached a new all-time high.
A plane has crashed in Taiwan, killing all 224 people on board.
One of the world's rarest plants has been discovered in Mexico.
A new plan to improve early education for children in Wales has been unveiled.
A Scottish man has played a bagpipes on the International Space Station for the first time.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez will be available for the rest of the season.
Manchester City striker Katie Walsh scored twice as the Women's Super League One side beat Brondby 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Europa League.
A couple from Falkirk have won more than £1m in the Euromillions jackpot.
Belgium has held a minute's silence to remember the victims of the Brussels terror attacks.
A US man has appeared in court in the US state of Virginia charged with murder and attempted murder.
Plans to demolish the Perth Opera House have been given the go-ahead.
Northern Ireland manager Michael MacPhee says he is "devastated" that his team have reached the semi-finals of the Europa League.
More than 1,000 badgers in England and Wales are to be culled to prevent the spread of bovine tuberculosis (BV).
A leading urologist has called for a ban on catheters to be introduced in England and Wales.
Chelsea striker Victor Moses has been named in Nigeria's squad for Saturday's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Tanzania.
Cuba's state-owned firm, Labelo, has apologised for using the words of Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez in a new cologne.
A councillor who posted a racist tweet on his Twitter account has resigned.
Cardiff University has been given the go-ahead to carry out an independent review into racist behaviour at its medical school.
Muslim leaders from around the world have visited Auschwitz to learn about the horrors of the Holocaust.
A motorcyclist has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Conwy county.
Formula 1 is in the midst of a major shake-up.
A coffee shop in Foyle, County Londonderry, has been burgled.
A man has been found dead in a house in Inverness.
A report into the Shoreham air crash has criticised the use of ejection seats during the crash.
India's prime minister, Narendra Modi, has been in the headlines for a long time.
A collection of children's photographs has gone on display for the first time.
The University of Manchester is to invest £1m in a cancer research centre in Manchester.
Great Britain's Mark Hawkins won the men's 10,000m at the London Marathon to become the first Briton to win a medal in the event.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a Victorian house in Kirkcaldy.
Nottingham Forest boss Paul Lambert has said his side have improved since he took over as manager last month.
Plans to demolish a former Foyle steelworks have been approved by councillors.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man he stole from his home.
Ladbrokes, the UK's biggest bookmaker, has reported a fall in profits for the first half of the year.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the closure of a Suffolk airport.
Two men have been rescued after a fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine.
A six-year-old boy has been reunited with his beloved lion after it was stolen from a Buckinghamshire mansion.
British soldiers spent more time fighting in the trenches than those in Blackadder, according to a new study.
Deaf people in Northern Ireland have called for the use of sign language during the general election campaign.
Scientists say they have found a new way to map the brains of babies.
Wayne Rooney should be England's next manager, says former manager Frank Lampard.
The family of a man who was killed when his car crashed into a department store in County Armagh have paid tribute to him.
It's been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
The family of a woman who was found stabbed to death in a Bristol street have paid tribute to her.
The Bolivian government has passed a new law banning the use of children as child labour.
Plans to demolish a former hospital in Powys have been given the go ahead.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Friday, boosted by a rise in commodity prices.
The Scottish government is to set up an independent review into the way student loans are funded.
San Diego-based theme park SeaWorld has been banned from breeding or breeding any of its animals.
It's been a busy week for the Football League.
Worcestershire have parted company with left-arm spinner Liam Milnes and wicketkeeper Adam McKay.
The number of first-time buyers in the UK has fallen for the second month in a row, according to a survey.
The leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats has said a row over a proposed M4 relief road in Newport will not be repeated.
A soldier has died in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has confirmed.
Twitter has announced a new feature to its social media app.
Liverpool reached the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time with a resounding victory over Borussia Dortmund at Anfield.
Mark Rylance has pulled out of betting on the band to sing the James Bond title song Spectre.
The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has said it will take legal action against the Northern Ireland government over plans to build a new railway station.
Tens of thousands of pounds worth of industrial estate have been bought by the Port of Southampton.
Olympic gold medallist Anna Minichiello says the Russian anti-doping agency needs to look at its code of conduct.
A new choir has been launched at Gloucester Cathedral.
Great Britain's women's hockey team have been knocked out of the Women's World Cup after a 2-1 defeat by North Korea.
Haiti is still reeling from the devastation caused by Hurricane Matthew.
Skyscanner has reported a rise in revenue for the first half of the year.
One of the UK's biggest taxi companies has opened a new factory in Coventry.
A second man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder in Warwickshire.
In our series of letters from African journalists, BBC Africa looks at the current state of the UN General Assembly.
The pound has suffered a sharp fall in value since the UK voted to leave the European Union.
A Scottish whisky distiller has opened a new distillery in Dumfries and Galloway.
CBBC has announced it is to launch a new weekly music radio show.
The number of cases of zoonotic tuberculosis (TB) in the world has reached a record high, according to a new report.
Andy Murray has the potential to become the first Briton to reach the top of the world doubles rankings, according to former world number one Mark Henman.
Former world number one Mark Higgins won the China Open for the first time with a five-wicket victory over Ding Bingham in Guangzhou.
Schools in the US are the most sleep deprived in the world, according to a new study.
US Vice-President-elect Mike Pence has been spotted riding a horse in the US National Park Service (NPS).
Charlton Athletic have launched an investigation into allegations of historical sexual abuse at the club.
Plans for more than 1,000 homes in Lisvane, Powys, have been submitted to councillors.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonny Evans has been given a three-match ban for spitting in the face of Newcastle United's Pierre Cisse.
A 19-year-old man who died after being knocked unconscious at a party has been named by police.
Cardiff City have signed former QPR boss Neil Warnock on a two-year deal.
The RMT union has accused ScotRail of failing to meet its performance targets.
Ireland's Laura Shillington has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's World Twenty20 team.
West Ham boss Mike Dean has been given a four-match ban for his red card against Manchester United.
The number of cases dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales has more than doubled in the last five years.
The FA Cup semi-final between Arsenal and Manchester City will be broadcast live on BBC Radio 5 live.
Four health boards in Wales are facing budget deficits of more than £1m, according to latest figures.
South African gymnast Jack MacKenzie says he is relishing the chance to represent Great Britain at the Rio Olympics.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was assaulted in a street.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday, boosted by stronger-than-expected jobs figures.
A man accused of making bombs that killed a British soldier in Iraq has told a court they were made in Syria.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling will remain at the club until the end of the season.
All pictures are copyrighted.
The introduction of a minimum price for alcohol in England and Wales could lead to a reduction in alcohol-related harm, a new report says.
Comedian John Stewart has announced his retirement from The Daily Show.
The Scottish government's finance secretary has said it has reached its deadline for making payments to farmers and crofters.
More than 1,000 teachers in Wales have been suspended after being found guilty of sexual offences.
Nintendo has apologised after a number of its Switch consoles were left with "disposable" screens.
Carl Frampton will defend his IBF super bantamweight title against Leo Santa Cruz in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Restrictions on bus lanes in Lancashire have been lifted.
Kumar Ervine's second-wicket haul of the season helped Somerset take control of the first day of their County Championship match against Somerset at Headingley.
Photographer Stella has been photographing the world for more than a decade.
More than 1.2 million Chrome extensions have been downloaded in the US, according to a new study.
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has called for a referendum on the independence of the Queen.
Midfielder Jonny Devey scored twice as Newcastle beat West Ham to reach the fourth round of the EFL Cup.
The Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro are one of the most prestigious sporting events in the world.
As the general election draws to a close, BBC Newsnight looks at how the political game is playing out in the UK.
A film about the life of a Tibetan Buddhist monk has been premiered in Dumfries and Galloway.
More than £1bn will be spent on care for people over the age of 65, the chancellor has announced.
A man accused of causing the death of a woman by careless driving has told a court he did not intend to kill her.
A fire at a funeral home in Aberdeenshire could have been started by a faulty hot dryer, an inquest has heard.
A Japanese military officer has been banned from driving after being found guilty of drink-driving.
The Speaker John Bercow has been shot dead by a member of the Commons.
Gangnam Gangnam Style has been cut in the number of times it has been watched on YouTube.
Castleford suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Widnes Vikings.
A woman from Ukraine has become the first person in the world to be given IVF IVF.
A hospital trust in Cumbria has been rated "inadequate" by a health watchdog.
Salford Red Devils beat Huddersfield Giants to reach the semi-finals of the Super League.
For six months, Chama has been studying at a Turkish school in the capital Jakarta.
A man who was found dead in a flat in Waterford, County Antrim, has been named by police.
Blackburn Rovers suffered their first defeat of the season as they lost to Blackburn Rovers.
More than half of parents in England eat school lunches, a study suggests.
A man has died after a light aircraft crashed into a garden.
A ship captain has been fined £10,000 after being found guilty of drink-driving.
Mexico's choice for the next head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has been a mixed bag.
The UK is to reopen its embassy in Iran, the BBC has learned.
Cambridge United suffered their first defeat of the season as they were held to a goalless draw by League Two side Stevenage.
Actor James Davis has been arrested after a caravan he was travelling in was stolen.
US President Barack Obama is to give a speech at the Edinburgh International Economic Forum (EIE).
The European Court of Human Rights has upheld a ban on the wearing of full-face veils in Belgium.
A Celtic fan has pleaded not guilty to a charge of offensive behaviour at a pre-season friendly match.
Police have released CCTV footage of a woman they want to speak to in connection with an attack on a shopper in Greater Manchester.
Bolivian film-maker Maria Cappa has discovered a hidden camera hidden in the back of a police car.
The US Federal Reserve has announced that it will raise interest rates for the third time this year.
The Isle of Wight's only disabled MP has been cleared to stand as the party's candidate for the party leadership.
It's that time of year again!
Flappy Bird, one of the world's most popular mobile games, has been taken offline.
Tens of thousands of pounds of plastic bags have been handed out to people stranded on the Isle of Wight.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have signed up for a year-long training programme to help the Prince of Wales.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the French Open with a straight-set victory over world number one Raonic.
The trial of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has begun in Pretoria for allegedly shooting a toilet door with a bat.
During World War Two, thousands of people were forced to flee their homes to escape the Nazi occupation of Germany.
